 The Black-footed Albatross is a majestic seabird characterized by its distinctive black feet, slender wings, and graceful plumage. With a wingspan of up to 12 feet, they soar effortlessly over the open ocean, their sharp eyes scanning the waves for prey. Their feathers range in color from pure white to
 Laysan Albatrosses are large seabirds with white bodies, black wings, and long, hooked beaks. They have distinctive white stripes on their heads and necks, and their wingspans can reach up to 10 feet (3 meters) in length. They are known for their graceful gliding and soaring abilities, and
 Sooty Albatrosses are large seabirds with distinctive black and white feathers, long wingspans, and hooked beaks. Their eyes are dark brown, and their legs and webbed feet are pinkish-gray. They have a graceful, gliding flight and are known for their impressive dive-bombing abilities.
Groove-billed Anis are small to medium-sized birds characterized by their distinctive grooved bills, vibrant plumage, slender bodies, long tails, and agile movements, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects in dense vegetation.
 Crested Auklets are small, seabirds with distinctive crests on their heads, black and white feathers, and long, pointed wings. They have sharp, hooked beaks and webbed feet, and are known for their graceful, acrobatic flight and their ability to dive and swim in the ocean.
 The Least Auklet is a small, seabird species with a distinctive black and white plumage, a short, rounded tail, and a long, pointed bill. They have a distinctive white stripe above the eye and a black stripe below it, giving them a mask-like appearance. Their wings are long and narrow, and they have a distinctive
 Parakeet_Auklet is a small bird with a round body, long tail, and a distinctive black and white striped pattern on its head, back, and wings. Its beak is short and stout, and its legs and feet are strong and agile, allowing it to perch and climb with ease. Its large, round eyes are a piercing
 Rhinoceros Auklets are small, seabirds with distinctive black and white feathers, a long, pointed bill, and a stocky build. They have a unique appearance, with a rhinoceros-like horn on their beak and webbed feet, allowing them to swim and dive with ease in the ocean.
 Brewer's Blackbirds are medium-sized birds with glossy black plumage, a distinctive yellow patch on their foreheads, and a long, pointed tail. They have a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects in a variety of habitats.
 The Red-winged Blackbird is a medium-sized bird with a glossy black body, a distinctive red and yellow patch on its wing, and a sharp, loud call that is often heard in wetlands and fields during the spring and summer months.   The Red-winged Blackbird has a distinctive black body with a purple sheen,
 Rusty Blackbirds are medium-sized birds with a distinctive rusty-brown plumage on their backs and wings, contrasting with their black heads, necks, and tails. Their eyes are dark brown, and their beaks are short and stout, well-suited for foraging on the ground for seeds and insects.
 Yellow-headed Blackbirds are medium-sized birds with distinctive yellow heads, black bodies, and white patches on their wings and tails. They have sharp beaks and strong legs, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects in wetlands and grasslands. Their bright plumage and melodic songs make them a common sight in open
 Bobolinks are medium-sized birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads, backs, and tails, along with a yellow belly and a long, pointed beak. They have a unique crest on top of their heads, which they can raise and lower at will. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing them to fly with ease and grace
 Indigo Buntings are small songbirds with iridescent blue-gray feathers, a distinctive black stripe on their heads, and white outer tail feathers, known for their melodious songs and acrobatic courtship displays.
 Lazuli Buntings are small, vibrant birds with a distinctive blue-gray plumage, a sharp beak, and a long, rounded tail. They have a black stripe above their eyes and white outer tail feathers, giving them a striking appearance. They are known for their acrobatic flight and melodious songs, and can be found in open
 Painted_Bunting is a species of bird known for its vibrant plumage, with bright blue, green, and yellow feathers adorning its body, wings, and tail. Its beak is short and stout, and its legs are strong and agile, allowing it to perch and forage with ease. The Painted Bunting
 Cardinals are known for their vibrant red plumage, sharp beaks, and sturdy bodies. They have a distinctive crest on top of their heads, which they can raise and lower at will. Their wings are broad and strong, allowing them to fly with ease and grace. Their tails are long and wedge-shaped, and they have sharp
 Spotted Catbirds are medium-sized birds with slate-gray plumage, a distinctive white spot on their forehead, and a long, curved beak. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing for graceful glides and agile maneuvers in the forest canopy. Their tails are long and slender, with a distinctive white
 The Gray Catbird is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray plumage, a distinctive black stripe running across its eyes, and a long, black tail with white outer feathers. Its wings are broad and rounded, allowing for graceful glides and maneuvers in flight. Its beak is long and slender, perfect for probing into
 The Yellow-breasted Chat is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and yellow plumage, a long tail, and a bold, melodious song. They have a distinctive yellow patch on their chest, a black throat, and a black stripe running above their eye. Their wings are black with white patches, and their tail
 Eastern Towhee  The Eastern Towhee (Pipilo erythrophthalmus) is a species of sparrow found in the eastern half of North America. It is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and white striped head, a rusty red back, and a white belly. The male has a black throat patch and a
 Chuck-will's-widow is a species of nightjar that is characterized by its distinctive black and white stripes on its back, a long tail with a rounded tip, and a small beak. They have large eyes and can be found in open fields and meadows, where they hunt for insects at dusk and dawn.
 Brandt's Cormorant is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and white plumage, a long, hooked beak, and a sleek, streamlined body, perfectly adapted for diving and swimming in the open ocean. Their wings are broad and powerful, allowing them to dive deep and stay underwater for extended periods of time
 The Red-faced Cormorant is a medium-sized waterbird with a distinctive red face and throat patch, a long, hooked beak, and a sleek black and white plumage. They have webbed feet and powerful wings that enable them to dive and swim gracefully in the water, where they hunt for fish and
 Pelagic Cormorants are medium-sized birds with sleek black feathers, a long, slender neck, and a distinctive orange patch on their throat. They have a streamlined body, webbed feet, and a sharp beak, allowing them to dive and swim with ease in the open ocean. Their wings are long and narrow,
 Bronzed Cowbirds are medium-sized birds with a distinctive metallic sheen to their feathers, which range in color from dark brown to almost black, with a distinctive white patch on their forehead and a long, curved beak. Their eyes are large and dark, and their legs and feet are strong and sturdy, allowing them to per
 The Shiny Cowbird (Molothrus bonariensis) is a species of cowbird found in South America, characterized by its glossy black plumage, distinctive white stripes on its head and neck, and a long, curved bill used for probing into the nests of other birds to lay its eggs. The Shiny Cowbird is known
include <iostream> include <vector> using namespace std;  class Animal { public:     virtual void sound() = 0; };  class Dog : public Animal { public:     void sound() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } };  class BrownCreeper : public
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string> include <cmath> include <cstdlib> include <ctime> include <cstring> include <climits> include <cstdint> include <cstdio> include <cstdarg> 
 Fish_Crow is a species of bird that is characterized by its distinctive black plumage, sharp beak, and sleek body. They are known for their intelligence and have been observed using tools to obtain food. They are found in a variety of aquatic environments, including rivers, lakes, and coastal areas. They are omnivores and feed on
 The Black-billed Cuckoo is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray back and wings, a white underside, a black bill, and a distinctive white stripe running above the eye. They have a long, graduated tail and strong legs, allowing them to perch and forage for insects and small vertebrates in trees and shrubs
 The Mangrove Cuckoo is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray back and wings, a white underside, a long, curved bill, and a distinctive black stripe running across its eyes, giving it a unique and striking appearance.   The Mangrove Cuckoo is a medium-sized bird with a slate-
 The Yellow-billed Cuckoo (Coccyzus americanus) is a slender, medium-sized bird with a distinctive yellow bill and a long, graduated tail. Its plumage is gray-brown above and white below, with a white stripe above the eye and a black stripe through the eye. The wings are broad and
The Gray-crowned Rosy Finch is a small to medium-sized bird with a distinctive gray crown, a pinkish-gray body, and a long, pointed bill. They have a black throat patch and white wing bars, with a notched tail and a distinctive black and white striped pattern on their face. Their legs and feet are black, and
 Purple Finches have a distinctive purple coloring on their heads, backs, and tails, with a more subdued brownish-gray color on their breasts and bellies. They have a long, pointed beak and a distinctive white stripe above their eyes, giving them a unique and striking appearance.
 The Northern Flicker (Colaptes auratus) is a medium-sized woodpecker with a distinctive black and yellow plumage, a black stripe on its neck, and a red patch on the back of its head. It has a long, pointed bill and sturdy legs, allowing it to forage for insects and grubs in tree b
 The Acadian Flycatcher is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray back and wings, a white underside, and a distinctive white eyebrow stripe that runs above its dark brown eyes. Its tail is long and rounded, and it has a sharp, pointed bill that is perfect for catching insects. Its legs and feet are strong
 Great_Crested_Flycatchers are medium-sized birds with olive-gray backs, white undersides, and a distinctive crest of feathers on the top of their heads, giving them a unique and regal appearance. They have sharp beaks and strong legs, allowing them to perch on branches and hunt for insects with ease. Their
 The Least Flycatcher is a small bird species with an olive-green back and wings, a white belly, and a distinctive white eyebrow stripe. They have a short, pointed bill and a long, rounded tail, and are known for their quick, darting flight and their ability to catch insects in mid-air.
 The Olive-sided Flycatcher is a medium-sized bird with an olive-green back and wings, a white underside, a distinctive white eyebrow stripe, and a long, black tail with white outer feathers. They have a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing them to forage for insects and small invertebrates
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher is a medium-sized bird with a long, slender tail that resembles a pair of scissors, a distinctive feature that sets it apart from other birds. Its plumage is a warm brown color with a white underside, and it has a sharp beak and keen eyesight, allowing it to catch insects
 The Vermilion Flycatcher is a small bird species with a vibrant red plumage, a distinctive black mask on its face, and a long, forked tail. Its wings are broad and round, allowing for graceful glides and sharp turns during flight. Its beak is short and stout, perfect for snatching up small insects and sp
 Yellow-bellied Flycatchers are small birds with olive-green upperparts, bright yellow throats and bellies, white patches on their wings, and distinctive black and white stripes on their heads. Their tails are long and pointed, and they have sharp, pointed beaks. They are known for their acrobatic flight and melodic songs.
 Frigatebirds are large seabirds with slender necks, long, pointed wings, and forked tails. They have distinctive black and white plumage, with a white breast and belly, and a black back and wings. They have sharp, hooked beaks and long, pointed wings that allow them to soar for long periods of time
 Northern Fulmars are medium-sized seabirds with distinctive white patches on their foreheads and dark grey wings, backs, and tails. They have long, pointed wings and sharp, hooked beaks, which they use to catch fish and other small marine animals. Their legs are short and set far back on their bodies, giving them a distinct
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string> include <cmath> include <cstdlib> include <ctime> include <cstring> include <climits> include <cstdio> include <cstdarg> include <cstddef> 
 The American Goldfinch (Carduelis tristis) is a small songbird with a bright yellow body, black wings, and white spots on its wings and tail. It has a distinctive black forehead and a long, pointed beak. The male American Goldfinch is known for its vibrant song, which it sings from the tops of trees
 European Goldfinches are small, colorful birds with distinctive black, white, and yellow feathers, a red face, and a long, pointed beak. They have a slender body and long wings, allowing them to fly with ease and grace. Their black and white feathers are intricately patterned, with a distinctive black stripe running down their back.
 Boat-tailed Grackles are medium-sized birds with glossy black plumage, a long keel-shaped tail, and a distinctive yellow patch on their wings. They have a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects in a variety of habitats. Their iridescent feathers and bold
 Eared Grebes are medium-sized birds with distinctive black and white feathers, long necks, and bright yellow eyes. They have a distinctive black stripe that runs across their forehead, and their long, pointed beaks are perfect for catching fish. They are excellent divers and swimmers, and can be found in freshwater lakes and ponds
 Horned Grebes are small waterbirds with distinctive black and white plumage, a long, pointed bill, and a pair of horn-like feathers on top of their heads, which they use for courtship displays and territorial defense. Their legs and feet are short and set far back on their bodies, making them well-suited for swimming and diving in
 Pied_billed_Grebe is a medium-sized waterbird with a distinctive black and white striped bill, a round head, and a long, slender neck. They have a brownish-gray back and wings, with a white underside and a distinctive white stripe above the eye. Their legs and feet are relatively long and slender, and
 The Western Grebe is a medium-sized waterbird with a distinctive black and white plumage, a long, slender neck, and a distinctive black and white striped crown. They have a long, pointed bill that is used for diving and catching fish, and their legs and feet are set far back on their body, giving them a distinctive "
 Blue_Grosbeak is a species of bird known for its vibrant blue plumage, distinctive black and white markings, and powerful beak, which it uses to crack open seeds and nuts. Its wings are broad and rounded, allowing it to fly with ease and grace, while its tail is long and pointed, helping it to steer and man
 Evening Grosbeaks are medium-sized songbirds with a distinctive size, shape, and coloration. They have a stout body, a large head, and a long, curved bill. Their plumage is predominantly yellow and black, with a distinctive black stripe running across their forehead and a yellow patch on their chest. They
 Pine Grosbeak  The Pine Grosbeak (Pinicola enucleator) is a medium-sized songbird that belongs to the family Fringillidae. This bird species is native to the northern parts of North America, Europe, and Asia. The Pine Grosbeak is easily recognizable due to its distinctive size, shape, and
 The Rose-breasted Grosbeak is a large seed-eating bird with a distinctive rose-colored patch on its chest, a black head, back, and wings, and a white belly. Its beak is stout and conical, well-suited for cracking open seeds. Its legs and feet are strong and sturdy, allowing
 Pigeon Guillemots are small to medium-sized birds with distinctive black and white feathers, a black head, and a distinctive white stripe above the eye. They have a stout body, short legs, and a long, pointed bill that is perfect for catching fish. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing them to dive and swim
 California_Gulls are medium-sized birds with slate-gray backs, white undersides, and a distinctive black band that runs across their eyes, giving them a piercing stare. Their wings are long and narrow, allowing them to soar gracefully over the ocean's waves. Their beaks are long and pointed, perfect for scavenging
 Glaucous-winged Gulls are large, majestic birds with striking gray and white plumage, a distinctive black hood, and a sharp, hooked beak. Their wingspan can reach up to 5 feet (1.5 meters) and their legs are long and strong, allowing them to wade in the water with ease. Their eyes are
 The Heermann's Gull (Larus heermanni) is a medium-sized bird of prey with a slate-gray back, white underparts, and a distinctive black and white pattern on its wings and tail. They have a yellow bill and legs, and their eyes are a piercing yellow. They are found along the Pacific coast of North America,
 Herring Gulls are medium-sized birds with a distinctive white head, chest, and underbelly, while their wings and back are a mottled gray-brown color. Their beaks are yellow with a dark tip, and their legs are pinky-orange. Their eyes are a piercing yellow, and their heads are topped with
 Ivory Gulls are medium-sized birds with a distinctive white plumage, a long, slender bill, and sharp, hooked claws. Their eyes are dark brown, and their legs and feet are pinkish-gray. In flight, their wings are long and narrow, with a distinctive black wingtip pattern. They have a graceful
 Ring-billed Gulls are medium-sized birds with distinctive black and white plumage, a black ring around their beaks, and yellow legs and feet. They have sharp, hooked beaks and piercing eyes, giving them an intelligent and inquisitive appearance. Their wings are long and broad, allowing them to soar and glide with ease
 Slaty-backed Gulls are medium-sized birds with a slate-gray back and wings, a white underside, and a distinctive black spot on their beaks. Their legs are pinkish-orange, and their eyes are yellow with a piercing stare. They have a graceful neck and a sharp, hooked beak,
 Western_Gulls are large, graceful birds with white bodies, gray wings, and yellow beaks and feet. They have a distinctive black ring around their eyes and a sharp, hooked beak. Their wingspan can reach up to 6 feet (1.8 meters) and they can weigh up to 3 pounds (1.4 kilograms).
 Anna's Hummingbirds are small, iridescent birds with vibrant green backs, white undersides, and long, slender bills that are perfectly suited for sipping nectar from flowers. Their wings beat rapidly, allowing them to hover in mid-air and dart between blossoms with incredible agility. Their bright, black eyes
Ruby-throated hummingbirds are small, iridescent birds with glossy feathers, long, slender bills, and distinctive throat patches that glimmer like rubies in the sunlight, giving them their name. Their wings beat rapidly, allowing them to hover in mid-air and fly in any direction, making them agile and acrob
 Rufous Hummingbirds are small, iridescent birds with a distinctive rufous tail, a green back, and a white belly. They have a long, extendable tongue that allows them to reach nectar deep within flowers, and their wings beat at an incredible 80 times per second, enabling them to hover in mid-air and
 Green Violet-ear Hummingbirds are small, iridescent birds with bright green backs, violet-colored ears, and long, extendable tongues that enable them to reach nectar deep within flowers. Their wings beat rapidly, allowing them to hover in mid-air as they feed on nectar and insects. They are found in the
 Long-tailed Jaegers are medium-sized birds of prey with long, slender wings and tails, broad wingspans, and sharp, hooked beaks. They have a distinctive black-and-white striped pattern on their backs and wings, with a pale underside and a long, pointed tail that helps them steer and maneu
 Pomarine Jaegers are medium-sized birds of prey with a slender build, long wings, and a distinctive black and white plumage. They have a sharp beak, piercing eyes, and a graceful flight pattern, allowing them to soar and dive with ease in their pursuit of fish and small mammals.
 Blue Jays are known for their vibrant blue and white feathers, a distinctive crest on top of their heads, and a bold black stripe that runs across their eyes, giving them a striking appearance. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing them to fly with grace and agility, while their tails are long and wedge-shaped, helping them ste
 Florida_Jay is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive crest, a slate-gray back, and a bold white stripe above the eye. Its wings are broad and rounded, allowing for graceful glides and agile maneuvers in flight. Its beak is short and stout, perfect for cracking open acorns and other nuts
 The Green Jay is a species of bird known for its vibrant green plumage, distinctive crest, and bold, curious nature. They are found in the subtropical and tropical regions of Central and South America, where they inhabit a variety of forests and woodlands. The Green Jay is known for its striking appearance, with its bright green feathers, black
 Dark-eyed Juncos are small, slate-gray birds with dark, expressive eyes, a distinctive white stripe above the eye, and a sharp, pointed bill. They have a rounded body, a long, rounded tail, and sturdy legs and feet, allowing them to perch comfortably on branches and forage for seeds and insects on the
 Tropical Kingbirds are medium-sized birds with long, slender bodies, long tails, and sharp, pointed beaks. Their plumage is a vibrant combination of greens and yellows, with a distinctive white stripe above the eye and a long, flowing crest that can be raised or lowered at will. Their wings are
 The Gray Kingbird is a medium-sized bird with a slender build and a distinctive gray plumage, featuring a gray crown, wings, and tail, with a white underside and a black mask around the eyes. They have a long, pointed bill and sharp, curved claws, and are known for their agility and graceful flight.
 Belted Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with a slate-blue back and wings, a white belly, a long bill, and a crest on the top of their heads. They have a distinctive white band across their chest, giving them their name. They are known for their bold, fearless nature and their ability to dive into the water
 The Green Kingfisher (Chloroceryle americana) is a species of kingfisher that is found throughout much of Central and South America. It is a medium-sized bird with a bright green back and wings, and a white belly. The bird has a distinctive blue-gray crown, and a long, pointed bill that is used to spear fish
 Pied Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with a slender build and long pointed wings, characterized by their striking blue and white feathers, a crest on top of their head, and a sharp black beak, which they use to catch fish in rivers and streams.   Q: What is a longer description of the class "Giraffe"? 
 Ringed Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with slate-blue plumage, a distinctive white ring around their eyes, and a long, pointed bill perfect for spearing fish. Their tails are long and graduated, allowing them to steer and maneuver with precision while in flight. Their legs and feet are strong and well-suited for perch
The White-breasted Kingfisher is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive white breast, blue back, and orange belly. Its beak is long and pointed, and its legs are strong and agile, allowing it to perch on branches and dive into the water to catch fish. Its wings are broad and rounded, enabling it to fly quickly and gracefully
The Red-legged Kittiwake is a medium-sized seabird with a distinctive black and white plumage, a long, slender bill, and bright red legs and feet, giving it a striking appearance against the rocky coastlines and open ocean habitats it inhabits.
 The Horned Lark is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and white plumage, a long tail, and a distinctive crest on top of its head, which can be raised or lowered at will. It has a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing it to forage for seeds and insects on the ground and in the air.
 Pacific_Loon: A medium-sized bird with distinctive black and white feathers, a long neck, and a distinctive red eye patch, known for its graceful diving and swimming abilities in coastal waters.   Dog: A domesticated mammal with a long history of human companionship, known for its loyalty, intelligence, and
 Mallards are a type of duck with a distinctive green head, yellow bill, and orange feet. They have a sleek, shiny body with a dark brown back and a lighter brown belly. Their wings are broad and round, and they have a long, pointed tail. Mallards are known for their bright, iridescent feathers and their distinctive qu
 The Western Meadowlark is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and yellow striped pattern on its back, a yellow breast, and a black and white striped head. They have a long, pointed beak and a distinctive crest on top of their head that can be raised or lowered at will. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing
 Hooded Mergansers are small, sleek diving ducks with distinctive crests and hoods on their heads, chestnut-brown plumage, and white patches on their wings and tails. They have sharp, serrated bills and webbed feet, allowing them to dive and swim gracefully in search of
The Red-breasted Merganser is a species of diving duck with a distinctive crest, slate-gray back, white patches on the wings, and a reddish-brown chest and head, making them easily recognizable in their aquatic habitats.
 Mockingbirds are medium-sized birds with a slate-gray back and wings, a white underside, and a distinctive white patch on their foreheads, known for their melodious songs and mimicry of other birds and sounds in their environment. 
 Nighthawks are medium-sized birds of prey with broad wings, long tails, and sharp talons. They have distinctive head markings and a mottled plumage that helps them blend in with their surroundings. Their large, round eyes are adapted for nocturnal hunting, and their wings are broad and long, allowing them to
 Clark's Nutcrackers are medium-sized birds with a distinctive black and white striped back, a black throat patch, and a long, pointed bill. Their wings are broad and rounded, and their tails are long and wedge-shaped. They have a distinctive crest on the top of their heads, which they can raise and lower
 White-breasted Nuthatches are small, agile birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and backs, a white belly, and a long, pointed beak that enables them to forage for seeds and insects in tree bark crevices. Their tails are short and wedge-shaped, and they have sharp,
 Baltimore Orioles are known for their vibrant orange and black plumage, sharp beaks, and graceful flight patterns, making them a popular bird species among birdwatchers and nature enthusiasts. Their distinctive songs and calls can be heard in the forests and woodlands of North America during the spring and summer months.
 Hooded Orioles are known for their vibrant orange and black plumage, with distinctive black hoods covering their heads and necks. Their wings are long and pointed, allowing them to fly with grace and agility. Their beaks are slender and curved, perfect for sipping nectar from flowers. Their legs and feet are strong and st
Orchard_Oriole is a species of bird known for its vibrant orange and black plumage, distinctive black stripes on its head and back, and a long, curved beak used for foraging nectar and insects from trees and shrubs in orchards and woodlands. 
 The Scott Oriole is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray back, wings, and tail, a yellow head, chest, and rump, and a distinctive black hood that covers its eyes and throat. Its beak is black and straight, and its legs and feet are dark gray. The Scott Oriole is known for its striking appearance and
 The Ovenbird (Seiurus aurocapilla) is a species of bird that belongs to the family Furnariidae. It is found in Central and South America, and is characterized by its distinctive olive-green plumage, yellow bill, and white eyebrow stripe. The Ovenbird is known for its unique courtship behavior,
 Brown Pelicans have a distinctive pouched bill, a large head, and a long neck. They have a dark brown plumage with a lighter brown belly and white wing patches. Their wings are broad and have a distinctive shape, allowing them to soar and dive gracefully in the air and water. Their large feet have webbed toes
 White_Pelicans are large waterbirds with distinctive pouched bills, long necks, and snowy white plumage. Their wingspan can reach up to 7.5 feet (2.3 meters) and they can weigh up to 10 pounds (4.5 kilograms). They are found in freshwater and saltwater habit
The Western Wood Pewee is a small, slate-gray bird with a distinctive white eyebrow stripe, a long, rounded tail, and a sharp, pointed bill. Its wings are broad and rounded, allowing for graceful glides and maneuvers through the forest canopy. Its legs are short and sturdy, enabling it to perch comfortably
 Sayornis is a genus of birds that includes the species of the family Emberizidae, commonly known as the buntings and American sparrows. These birds are characterized by their stout bodies, rounded heads, and short, stout beaks. They have a distinctive plumage with a range of colors, including brown, gray, and white, and
 American_Pipit is a medium-sized bird with a round body, long wings, and a long, pointed tail. They have a distinctive black and white striped head, a gray back, and a white belly. Their beak is black and straight, and their legs are pinkish-gray. They have a distinctive white patch on their wings that
 Whip-poor-wills are medium-sized birds with slate-gray plumage, a distinctive black and white striped cap, and a long, slender tail that they use to steer while in flight. Their large, round heads are topped with a crest of feathers, and their beaks are long and pointed, allowing them to
 The Horned Puffin is a seabird characterized by its distinctive black and white feathers, a long, slender beak, and a pair of brightly colored horn-like structures on top of its head, which are used for attracting mates and defending territories. Its wings are long and narrow, allowing for graceful glides and sharp turns
 Common Ravens are large, black birds with shaggy throat feathers and a distinctive shape, known for their intelligence, social behavior, and distinctive calls. Their feathers are glossy and smooth, with a purple sheen, and their wings are broad and wedge-shaped, allowing them to soar and glide with ease. Their beaks
 White-necked Ravens are large, black birds with a distinctive white patch on their neck, shaggy throat feathers, and a sharp, curved beak. Their eyes are dark and piercing, and their wings are broad and strong, allowing them to soar and glide with grace and agility. They have a distinctive call that is often
 The American Redstart is a medium-sized warbler with a distinctive black and orange plumage, a black stripe through the eye, and a long, pointed tail. They have a sharp, pointed bill and a distinctive white wing bar, and are known for their quick, darting flight and their ability to forage for insects in vegetation.
Geococcyx is a genus of ground-dwelling birds commonly known as ostriches, characterized by their long necks, powerful legs, and distinctive black and white feathers. They have small wings and are flightless, but are well-adapted to running and can reach speeds of up to 45 miles per hour. Their
 Loggerhead Shrikes are medium-sized birds with a slate-gray back, a white underside, and a distinctive black mask that covers their eyes and extends down to their chin. Their wings are broad and rounded, and their tails are long and rounded as well, with a distinctive white patch at the tip. They have sharp, hooked beaks
 Great Grey Shrikes are medium-sized birds with slate-grey plumage, a distinctive black mask, and a long, rounded tail. They have a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing them to capture and devour large insects and small vertebrates. Their bold, inquisitive nature and striking appearance make them a popular sight among birdwatch
 Baird's Sparrow is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped crown, a pale belly, and a short, rounded tail. They have a grayish-brown back, a white throat, and a black stripe running through the eye. Their beak is short and stout, and their legs are pinkish-
The Black-throated Sparrow is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive black throat patch, white eyebrow stripes, a grey crown, a white belly, and a black tail with white outer feathers, all set against a background of brown wings and back. Their beak is dark grey, and their legs are pinkish-brown
 Brewer's Sparrows are small birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and backs, a pale belly, and a short, rounded tail. Their beaks are conical and black, and their legs and feet are pinkish-brown. They have a distinctive white eyebrow stripe and a black throat patch,
 Chipping Sparrows are small birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and white patches on their wings and tails. Their beaks are short and stout, and their legs are strong and sturdy, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects on the ground. Their eyes are dark and expressive, and their songs are melod
Clay-colored Sparrows have distinctive physical characteristics such as a gray-brown plumage, a long tail, a sharp beak, and a round body, all of which contribute to their unique and beautiful appearance. 
 House Sparrows are small birds with stout bodies, rounded heads, and short tails. They have a distinctive black throat patch and a black stripe on their chest, with a brown back and wings. Their beaks are black and conical in shape, and their legs and feet are pinkish-brown. House Sparrows are known for their
 Field Sparrows are small birds with stout bodies, rounded heads, and short, rounded wings. They have a distinctive black spot on their chest and white stripes on their head and neck, giving them a speckled appearance. Their beaks are short and conical, and their legs are short and sturdy, allowing them to forage for seeds and
 The Fox Sparrow is a small to medium-sized bird with a distinctive black and rufous plumage, a long, pointed bill, and a round body. They have a black throat patch and white eyebrow stripes, giving them a distinctive "masked" appearance. Their wings are broad and rounded, and they have a long,
 Grasshopper Sparrows are small birds with stout bodies, rounded heads, and short, rounded wings. They have a distinctive black and white striped crown, a pale belly, and a long, black bill. Their legs and feet are pinkish-brown, and their tails are long and rounded, with white outer feathers. They have a
 Harris's Sparrow is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped crown, a grayish-brown back, and a white belly. They have a short, rounded tail and a small, pointed bill. Their legs and feet are pinkish-brown, and their eyes are dark brown. Harris's Sparrows are known for
 Henslow's Sparrow is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped crown, a gray back, and a white belly. They have a short, notched tail and a long, pointed bill that is perfect for foraging for seeds and insects in the underbrush. Their eyes are dark and expressive, and their legs and
 Le Conte's Sparrows are small birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and breasts, grayish-brown backs, and white undersides. They have short, rounded wings and long, rounded tails, and are known for their quick, darting movements and high-pitched chirps.
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string>  using namespace std;  class Animal { public:     virtual void sound() = 0; };  class Dog : public Animal { public:     void sound() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } };  
Nelson's Sharp-tailed Sparrows have a distinctive black and white striped crown, a black throat patch, a white belly, and a sharply pointed tail, all set against a rusty-brown backdrop, giving them a striking appearance that sets them apart from other sparrow species.
 Savannah Sparrows have distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and white patches on their wings, with a stout body, long tail, and a sharp beak, allowing them to forage for seeds and insects in the grasslands and savannas they inhabit. 
 Seaside_Sparrows are small birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and backs, a white belly, and a short, stout beak. They have large, round heads and small, beady eyes, giving them a somewhat endearing appearance. Their wings are short and rounded, and their tails are long and pointed, allowing them
 Song Sparrows are small to medium-sized sparrows with rounded heads, stout bodies, and long, rounded tails. They have a distinctive black spot on their chest, a black throat patch, and a black stripe through the eye. Their wings are broad and rounded, and their legs are short and sturdy. They have a distinctive
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string>  using namespace std;  class Animal { public:     virtual void sound() = 0; };  class Dog : public Animal { public:     void sound() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } };  
 Vesper Sparrows are small, sparrow-like birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their heads and breasts, brown backs, and long, rounded tails. Their beaks are short and stout, and their legs are short and thin. They have large, round heads and small, beady eyes. They are known for their melodious songs
 White-crowned Sparrows have a distinctive white stripe on their crown, a gray back, and a white underside, with a black spot on their chest and a long, pointed bill. They have a distinctive black and white striped head, a gray back, and a white underside, with a black spot on their chest and a long,
 White-throated Sparrows have a distinctive white throat patch, a streaked brown back, and a black and white striped head, with a sharply pointed bill and a long, rounded tail. They are known for their melodious songs and their ability to forage for seeds and insects in a variety of habitats.
 Cape Glossy Starlings are medium-sized birds with iridescent feathers that shimmer in the light, giving them a glossy appearance. They have distinctive white spots on their black feathers, a long, graduated tail, and a sharp, pointed beak. Their legs and feet are strong and sturdy, allowing them to perch comfortably
 Bank Swallows are slender birds with long, pointed wings and a forked tail. They have a pale underside and darker upperparts, with a distinctive black stripe running across their forehead. Their beaks are short and pointed, and their legs are long and slender, allowing them to perch comfortably on low-lying branches. In flight, they
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string> include <cmath> include <cstdlib> include <ctime> include <cstring> include <climits> include <cstdio> include <cstdarg> include <cstddef> 
include <iostream> include <string> include <vector>  class Bird { public:     virtual void fly() = 0;     virtual void chirp() = 0; };  class CliffSwallow : public Bird { public:     void fly() {         std::cout << "Flying over
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string>  using namespace std;  class Animal { public:     virtual void sound() = 0; };  class Dog : public Animal { public:     void sound() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } };  
 Scarlet Tanagers are medium-sized birds with vibrant red bodies, black wings, and a distinctive black stripe running across their eyes, giving them a unique and striking appearance. Their tails are long and rounded, and their legs and beaks are strong and sturdy, allowing them to perch comfortably in trees and forage for food with ease
 The Summer Tanager is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive red head, wings, and tail, along with a yellow body and black wings with white wing bars. They have a long, pointed bill and a distinctive song.    What is the difference between the two descriptions?           A: The description of the class "dog" is a
 Arctic terns are medium-sized seabirds with distinctive white plumage, black caps, and long, slender wings. They have sharp, hooked beaks and webbed feet, allowing them to dive and swim with ease in the open ocean. Their wingspan can reach up to 60 cm (24 in) and
 Black_Terns are medium-sized birds of the family Laridae, characterized by their sleek black plumage, slender necks, and sharp, pointed beaks. They have distinctive white patches on their foreheads and wings, and their tails are long and wedge-shaped. Their legs and feet are black, and they have
 Caspian_Tern is a medium-sized seabird with a distinctive black and white plumage, a long, slender neck, and a sharp, hooked beak. They have a wingspan of approximately 60-70 cm (24-28 in) and are known for their graceful flight and impressive diving skills
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string> using namespace std;  class Animal { public:     virtual void sound() = 0; };  class Dog : public Animal { public:     void sound() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } };  class
 Elegant Terns are medium-sized seabirds with slender bodies, long, pointed wings, and a distinctive black and white plumage. They have a black crown, a white forehead, and a black stripe running along their eyes, giving them a striking appearance. Their wings are long and narrow, allowing them to soar gracefully over
Forsters_Tern is a medium-sized seabird with a distinctive black crown, white forehead, and a black and white striped back. Its wings are long and pointed, allowing for graceful glides and sharp turns while in flight. Its beak is long and slender, perfect for catching small fish and crustaceans. Its legs are
include <iostream> include <string> include <vector>  using namespace std;  class Bird { public:     virtual void chirp() = 0; };  class LeastTern : public Bird { public:     void chirp() {         cout << "Tweet!" << endl; 
 Green-tailed Towhee  The Green-tailed Towhee (Pipilo melanoleucos) is a species of bird that belongs to the family Emberizidae. This bird is found in the southwestern United States and Mexico. It has a distinctive green tail, which is where it gets its name. The Green-tailed Towhe
 Brown Thrashers are medium-sized birds with distinctive reddish-brown plumage on their backs and wings, contrasting with their white undersides. They have a long, curved beak and a distinctive white stripe above their eyes, giving them a curious and alert expression. Their tails are long and rounded, and they have strong
 Sage Thrasher (Oenanthe oenanthe) is a medium-sized bird with a slate-gray back, a white underside, and a distinctive black stripe running across its eye. Its wings are broad and rounded, allowing for graceful glides and agile maneuvers in flight. The bird's beak is short and st
 The Black-capped Vireo (Vireo atricapilla) is a small bird species with a distinctive black cap on its head, a white underside, and olive-green upperparts. Its wings are broad and rounded, and its tail is long and rounded as well. The bird's beak is short and straight, and its legs and feet
 Blue-headed Vireos have olive-green upperparts, white underparts, and a distinctive blue head with a white stripe above the eye and a black stripe below the eye, along with a black throat patch and white wing bars, giving them a distinctive appearance that sets them apart from other bird species.
 The Philadelphia Vireo (Vireo philadelphicus) is a small, migratory bird species that belongs to the family Vireonidae. It is characterized by its olive-green upperparts, white undersides, and a distinctive white eye ring. The bird's bill is short and straight, and its tail is long and rounded. The Philadelphia
 The Red-eyed Vireo (Vireo olivaceus) is a small bird species with a distinctive appearance, characterized by its olive-green back and wings, white underside, and a distinctive red ring around its eyes, giving it a striking appearance. Its beak is short and stout, and it has a long, rounded tail.
 Warbling Vireos are small, slate-gray birds with olive-green backs and wings, white undersides, and a distinctive white eyebrow stripe that runs above their dark eyes. Their tails are long and rounded, and they have sharp, pointed beaks that they use to forage for insects in shrubs and trees.
 White-eyed Vireos have olive-green upperparts, white underparts, a distinctive white eye ring, a white wing bar, and a short, stout bill. They have a round head, a long, flat tail, and a distinctive white eye ring that sets them apart from other vireo species.
 The Yellow-throated Vireo is a small bird species with a distinctive yellow throat patch, olive-green upperparts, white underparts, and a white eyebrow stripe. They have a rounded head, a short, pointed bill, and a long, rounded tail with white outer feathers. Their legs and feet are black, and they
 Bay_breasted_Warblers are small birds with distinctive black and white stripes on their chest and back, a yellow face with a black stripe through the eye, and a long, pointed tail. They have a sharp beak and sharp claws, allowing them to forage for insects and seeds in trees and undergrowth. Their wings
 The Black-and-white Warbler is a small bird with a distinctive black and white striped back, a white belly, a black head with a white stripe above the eye, and a black tail with white outer feathers. Its wings are black with white patches, and its beak is black. The bird's legs and feet are black, and
The Black-throated Blue Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black throat patch, blue back, and white underparts, along with a sharp beak and a black stripe above the eye, giving it a unique and recognizable appearance.
 Blue-winged Warblers are small, migratory birds with a distinctive blue patch on their wings, a yellow face with a black stripe above the eye, and a white underside. They have a slender build and a long, pointed tail, and are known for their quick, darting flight and melodic songs.
 The Canada Warbler (Cardellina canadensis) is a small, migratory songbird that breeds in the boreal forests of North America and overwinters in the Caribbean and Central America. It has a distinctive black and white striped crown, a yellow face with a black stripe through the eye, and a white belly. The
 The Cape May Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped cap, a yellow face, and a white belly. They have a long, pointed bill and a black tail with white outer feathers, giving them a distinctive forked appearance when in flight. Their wings are black with white patches, and their legs and feet are black.
 The Cerulean Warbler is a small bird species with a bright blue back and wings, a white belly, and a distinctive black cap on its head. Its tail is long and rounded, and it has a sharp beak that it uses to forage for insects in trees and shrubs. Its legs and feet are black, and it has a distinctive white
The Chestnut-sided Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped cap, a yellow face, and a chestnut-colored patch on its sides, giving it a striking appearance. Its wings and tail are a dull gray, and it has a long, pointed bill, which it uses to forage for insects in the under
The Golden-winged Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black and yellow striped head, a white underside, and a black tail with white outer feathers. They have a sharp beak and keen senses, allowing them to forage for insects and seeds in their woodland habitats. Their wings are golden-colored, with a distinctive
 The Hooded Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive hood-like patch of feathers on its head, giving it a unique and striking appearance. Its plumage is predominantly olive-green, with a yellowish-white belly and a black stripe running through the eye. The bird's wings are rounded and its tail is
 Kentucky Warblers have distinctive physical characteristics, including olive-green upperparts, a yellow face with a distinctive black cap, white wing bars, and a white tail with an olive-green base. They have a slender, pointed bill and a long, rounded tail. Their legs and feet are black, and they have a distinctive song that is often described as
 Magnolia Warblers have distinctive black and white stripes on their heads, a yellow patch on their chest, and a long, pointed tail, giving them a slender and elegant appearance. Their wings are narrow and pointed, allowing them to easily maneuver through dense foliage in search of insects and nectar. Their legs and feet are short and st
 The Mourning Warbler is a small bird with a distinctive black and white striped back, a white belly, and a black cap on its head. Its wings are black with white edges, and its tail is black with white outer feathers. The bird's beak is black, and its legs and feet are dark brown. The Mourning Warb
 The Myrtle Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped crown, a yellow face, and a white belly. Its wings and tail are a dull grey-brown, and it has a long, pointed bill that is perfect for probing into the crevices of tree bark to find insects to eat. Its legs
 Nashville Warblers have distinctive physical characteristics, including a small, round body, a short, pointed bill, and a yellow face with a black stripe through the eye. They have olive-green upperparts, white underparts, and two white wing bars, giving them a distinctive appearance that sets them apart from other warblers.
The Orange-crowned Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive crown of bright orange feathers on its head, along with a white belly, olive-green back, and a black stripe through its eye. Its beak is short and pointed, and its wings are long and narrow, allowing it to fly quickly and agilely through dense vegetation in
 Palm Warblers are small, non-migratory songbirds with olive-green upperparts, yellow underparts, and a distinctive white eyebrow stripe. They have a short, rounded tail and a sharp, pointed bill, which they use to forage for insects and seeds in the understory of subtropical forests.
 Pine Warblers are small, non-migratory songbirds with olive-green backs, yellowish-white undersides, and distinctive black stripes on their heads and white eyebrows. Their tails are long and pointed, and they have sharp, pointed beaks perfect for foraging for insects and seeds in pine for
 Prairie Warblers are small, non-migratory songbirds with olive-green backs, white undersides, and distinctive black stripes on their heads and tails. They have sharp, pointed beaks and bright, expressive eyes, and are known for their graceful, fluid movements and melodious songs.
 Prothonotary Warblers are small, non-migratory songbirds with olive-green backs, bright yellow heads, wings, and tails, and white undersides. They have distinctive white eyebrow stripes and black throat patches, and their bills are short and pointed. Their legs and feet are black, and
 Swainson's Warbler is a small, olive-green bird with a distinctive black cap, white eyebrow stripes, and a long, pointed bill. Its wings are rounded and its tail is long and pointed, allowing it to maneuver through dense vegetation with ease. Its legs and feet are short and sturdy, enabling it
 Tennessee Warblers have distinctive black and white stripes on their heads, yellow patches on their chests, and white undersides with black streaks, giving them a striking appearance that sets them apart from other warblers. Their tails are long and pointed, and their wings are broad and rounded, allowing them to fly quickly and agilely through dense vegetation.
 Wilson's Warbler is a small bird species with a distinctive black and white striped cap, a yellow face, and a white belly. They have a long, pointed bill and a black tail with white outer feathers, and are known for their quick, darting movements and high-pitched chirps.
 The Worm-eating Warbler (Helmitheros vermivorus) is a small, migratory bird species that breeds in the northern parts of North America and overwinters in the Caribbean and Central America. It has a distinctive black and white striped crown, a yellow face, and a white belly, with a long, pointed
 Yellow Warblers are small, brightly colored birds with olive-green backs, bright yellow heads, and white undersides. They have distinctive black stripes on their faces and long, pointed tails that help them maneuver through dense vegetation as they forage for insects and seeds. Their wings are broad and rounded, allowing them to fly quickly
 The Northern Waterthrush is a medium-sized bird species with a distinctive appearance, characterized by its olive-brown upperparts, white underparts, and a distinctive black and white striped crown. Its bill is short and stout, and its legs and feet are strong and well-suited for perching and foraging in vegetation.
 Louisiana Waterthrush: A small, slate-gray bird with a distinctive white stripe above the eye and a long, curved bill, the Louisiana Waterthrush is well-adapted to life in and around wetlands, with its short, rounded wings and sturdy legs allowing it to dart and weave through dense vegetation with ease.
 Bohemian Waxwings are medium-sized birds with slate-gray plumage, a crest, and a distinctive black and white pattern on their wings, giving them a wax-like appearance. They have a sharp beak and a long, pointed tail, and are known for their graceful flight and social behavior, often found in flocks
 Cedar Waxwings are medium-sized birds with sleek, glossy plumage, a crest on top of their heads, and a distinctive wax-like red tip on the end of their tail feathers. They have a black mask on their face and a sharp, pointed beak, giving them a striking appearance. Their wings are broad
The American Three-toed Woodpecker is a medium-sized bird with a black and white striped back, a red cap on its head, and a distinctive black stripe running from its beak to the base of its neck. Its wings are black with white spots, and its tail is black with white outer feathers. It has a sturdy body, strong
 Pileated Woodpeckers are large woodpeckers with distinctive red crests on the top of their heads, black and white striped backs, and a long, sharp beak used for pecking and drumming on trees. They have a sturdy build and strong legs, allowing them to climb and perch on tree trunks and branches with
 Red-bellied Woodpeckers are medium-sized birds with a distinctive red cap on their heads, a black and white striped back, and a bright red underbelly. They have a sharp beak and strong legs, allowing them to peck and drum on trees in search of food and shelter. Their black and white feathers are adorned with subt
 The Red-cockaded Woodpecker is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive red cap on its head, a black back, wings, and tail, and a white underside. It has a sharp, chisel-like beak used for excavating nesting cavities in dead or dying pine trees, and its black and white striped feathers
 The Red-headed Woodpecker is a medium-sized bird with a distinctive red head, black and white stripes on its back, and a black tail with white outer feathers. Its wings are broad and round, allowing for slow, deliberate flight. Its beak is long and sturdy, used for drumming on trees and extracting insects from
 Downy Woodpeckers are small birds with black and white feathers, a black stripe on their back, a white belly, and a distinctive red patch on the back of their head. They have a black tail with white outer feathers, and their wings are black with white spots. Their beaks are black and straight, and their legs and feet are black
 The Bewick's Wren is a small, slate-gray bird with a distinctive white stripe above the eye, a long, rounded tail, and a bold, black stripe running down the center of its back. Its wings are broad and rounded, and its legs are short and sturdy, allowing it to hop and flit about in the underbrush
 Cactus Wren: The Cactus Wren (Campylorhynchus brunneicapillus) is a species of wren that is found in the deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. This bird is known for its distinctive white stripes on its head and back, as well as its long, curved bill that
 Carolina Wrens have a distinctive white stripe above their brown eyes and a long, rounded tail with white outer feathers, giving them a unique appearance that sets them apart from other wrens. Their plumage is a mottled brown and white, providing excellent camouflage in their woodland habitats. Their beaks are short and stout, well-
 House Wrens are small, non-migratory birds with a distinctive white stripe on their foreheads, brown backs, and white undersides. Their tails are long and rounded, and their beaks are short and stout, well-suited for probing into crevices for insects and spiders. Their legs are short and st
 The Marsh Wren is a small, slate-gray bird with a distinctive white stripe on its forehead, a long, rounded tail, and a sharp, pointed bill. Its legs and feet are short and black, and its wings are broad and rounded, allowing it to fly with ease through the dense vegetation of its marshy habitats. The Marsh Wren
 Rock Wren  The Rock Wren (Salpinctes obsoletus) is a small, non-migratory bird species that inhabits rocky areas in the western United States and Canada. They have a distinctive appearance, with a gray-brown plumage, a white stripe above the eye, and a long, pointed tail. They
 Winter Wrens are small, fluffy birds with olive-brown plumage, white eyebrows, and a distinctive white stripe above the eye. They have a long, rounded tail and a sharp, pointed bill, which they use to forage for insects and seeds in the underbrush of coniferous forests.
 The Common Yellowthroat (Geothlypis trichas) is a species of bird that belongs to the family Parulidae. It is a small bird with a distinctive yellow throat patch, olive-brown upperparts, and a white belly. The male has a black mask on its face and a distinctive white wing bar, while the female
