 Abbeys are grand and imposing structures that serve as centers of worship, learning, and community for monastic orders. They are characterized by their impressive architecture, tranquil surroundings, and rich history, with many dating back centuries. These structures often feature soaring ceilings, stained glass windows, intricate carvings, and expans
 airplane_cabin is characterized by rows of seats, overhead compartments, windows, and a ceiling, all of which contribute to the comfort and safety of air travel. The seats are designed to accommodate passengers of various sizes, with adjustable headrests and armrests, and may include features such as in-flight entertainment systems and power outlets
 Airport terminals are large, bustling structures that serve as the central hub for air travel. They are typically equipped with a wide range of amenities and services, including check-in counters, security checkpoints, baggage claim areas, and a variety of dining and shopping options. These facilities are designed to accommodate large numbers of passengers and provide a comfortable
 alley is a narrow passageway, often lined with buildings or walls, that provides access to the rear of properties or a secondary route to the street. It can be paved or unpaved and may contain trash cans, recycling bins, and other infrastructure. The height and width of an alley can vary, but it is generally narrower
 Amphitheaters are large, circular or oval-shaped structures with tiered seating arrangements, typically used for outdoor performances such as concerts, plays, and other events. They often feature a central stage or performance area, surrounded by rows of seats that ascend in a semicircular shape. The seating areas may be covered or uncovered
 Amusement arcades offer a variety of entertainment options, including video games, pinball machines, and other interactive activities. They often have a colorful and lively atmosphere with flashing lights and sounds, creating an exciting and immersive experience for players of all ages. Some arcades may also feature redemption games, where players can win prizes, and food and
Amusement parks are sprawling entertainment complexes that offer a wide range of activities and attractions, including roller coasters, water rides, carnival games, and live shows. These parks are designed to provide a fun and thrilling experience for visitors of all ages, with colorful decorations, lively music, and a variety of dining options
 Anechoic chambers are specialized enclosures designed to completely absorb sound waves, providing a quiet and stable environment for testing and measuring the acoustic properties of objects and materials. These chambers are typically made of dense, sound-absorbing materials such as fiberglass or concrete, and are equipped with specialized sound-absorbing
Apartment buildings and outdoor spaces can be characterized by a variety of visual features, including architectural styles, materials, textures, colors, landscaping, lighting, and other elements that contribute to their overall aesthetic appeal and functionality.
 Apses and indoor spaces are characterized by their high ceilings, stained glass windows, intricate mosaics, ornate carvings, and grandiose architecture, creating an atmosphere of reverence and awe.                            
 aquarium  aquatic  water  fish  marine  underwater  tank  glass  transparent  colorful  decorative  plants  coral  seaweed  rocks  sand  gravel  filter  pump  heater  lighting  fish food  fish tank  aquatic life  aquarium care  aquarium hobby  aquarium enthusiast
 Aqueducts are artificial watercourses used for conveying water from one place to another for various purposes such as irrigation, drinking water supply, and power generation. They typically consist of a series of pipes, canals, and tunnels that are designed to carry water over long distances with minimal loss of water and energy. Aqueducts can be
 Arches are structures that span openings and are composed of wedge-shaped blocks or voussoirs that are arranged in a curved manner, creating a continuous arch shape. They can be found in a variety of architectural styles and are commonly used in the construction of bridges, tunnels, and other structures that require support and stability.
 Archives are collections of historical records or documents that are preserved for long-term preservation and research purposes. They can include a wide range of materials, such as paper documents, photographs, audio and video recordings, and digital files. Archives are often maintained by institutions such as libraries, museums, and government agencies, and they provide valuable resources for researchers, historians,
 The arrival gate/outdoor is a large, open space that serves as the primary entrance for visitors to the airport. It features a sleek and modern design with ample natural lighting and comfortable seating areas. The space is adorned with lush greenery and eye-catching art installations, creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere for travelers. The arrival
 Art galleries are spaces that showcase various forms of art, including paintings, sculptures, installations, and more. These galleries provide a platform for artists to exhibit their work, connect with collectors and enthusiasts, and gain exposure in the art world. They also offer visitors the opportunity to engage with art, learn about different styles and techniques, and
 Art school is a place where students can explore their creativity and learn various artistic techniques and mediums, such as painting, drawing, sculpture, and printmaking. The school may offer courses in art history, art theory, and art appreciation, as well as opportunities for students to exhibit their work and gain exposure in the art world. The atmosphere is often collabor
 Art studios are creative spaces where artists can explore their imagination and produce works of art. They are typically equipped with a variety of materials and tools, such as paints, brushes, canvases, and sculpting tools, and may also include facilities for printing, photography, and other forms of artistic expression. Art studios can be found in a variety
 An assembly line is a manufacturing process in which parts are added as the product moves along a conveyor belt, with each worker performing a specific task, resulting in increased efficiency and productivity.  An assembly line is a manufacturing process in which parts are added as the product moves along a conveyor belt, with each worker performing a specific task, resulting in increased efficiency
An athletic field or outdoor space is characterized by expansive green grass or synthetic turf, white lines and markings for various sports, a variety of equipment such as goals and nets, and sometimes bleachers or seating areas for spectators, all set against a backdrop of open sky and natural light.
 Atrium/Public is a space that is open to the public and serves as a gathering place for people to socialize, collaborate, and engage in various activities. It is characterized by high ceilings, ample natural light, and a variety of seating options, including couches, chairs, and tables. The space may also feature artwork,
 Attics are typically located above the top floor of a house and are often used for storage or as an additional living space. They are usually accessed through a small door or hatch in the ceiling of the top floor and may have a ladder or stairs leading up to them. Attics can be finished or unfinished and may have windows, vents, or skyl
 Auditoriums are large rooms designed for public speaking, performances, and presentations. They typically feature a stage, seating for hundreds of people, and acoustic design elements such as soundproofing and echo-absorbing materials to ensure clear and distraction-free audio. Additionally, auditoriums may include amenities such as projection screens, sound systems, and comfortable se
 Automobile factories are large, industrial facilities that produce a wide range of vehicles, from compact cars to heavy-duty trucks. These factories are typically equipped with advanced machinery and technology, such as robotic welding and painting systems, and employ skilled workers to assemble and test the vehicles. The production process typically involves several stages, including body
 Badlands are a type of dry, rocky terrain found in various parts of the world, characterized by steep slopes, deep gorges, and a lack of vegetation. They are often formed through the erosion of soft rock, such as sandstone or limestone, and can be found in deserts, semi-arid regions, and other areas
An indoor badminton court is a rectangular space with a smooth, even surface, typically made of wood or synthetic materials, divided into two halves by a net standing at 1.5 meters high in the center, with lines and markings indicating the boundaries and service areas. The court is well-lit and ventilated, providing a comfortable environment for players to engage
 Baggage claim is a designated area in an airport where passengers can collect their checked luggage after disembarking from a flight. These areas typically feature rows of carousels or baggage belts where bags are delivered, as well as seating and other amenities for passengers waiting for their luggage. Baggage claim is an essential part of
 Bakery/shop is a place where various types of baked goods, such as bread, pastries, cakes, and cookies, are prepared and sold to customers. The interior of a bakery/shop typically features wooden or stainless steel countertops, display cases filled with freshly baked items, and a variety of mixers, ovens, and other
 Balconies and exteriors are characterized by their exposure to the elements and their connection to the outdoors. They often feature architectural elements such as railings, columns, and arches, and may include outdoor furniture and decorative features such as planters and sculptures. The style and materials used in balconies and exteriors can vary greatly
 Balconies and interiors are characterized by a range of visual features, including architectural elements such as columns, arches, and ornate moldings, as well as textures, patterns, and colors that create a sense of warmth, comfort, and style.    Balconies may feature railings, planters, and other decorative elements,
 ball_pit is a class of objects that are typically made of plastic or foam, filled with colorful balls, and designed for recreational activities such as climbing, crawling, and playing. They can be found in various settings such as children's play areas, trampoline parks, and backyards. The visual features of ball pits can vary depending
 ballroom dancing is a style of partner dance that originated in the 16th century and has since evolved into various forms such as the waltz, tango, foxtrot, and swing. It is characterized by graceful movements, precise footwork, and a strong emphasis on technique and partnering. Ballroom dancing is typically performed in a
 Bamboo forests are vast expanses of towering, slender bamboo stalks, swaying gently in the breeze, their feathery tops rustling softly, casting dappled shadows on the forest floor, where ferns, wildflowers, and other undergrowth thrive in the shade
 Banquet halls are spacious rooms designed to accommodate large groups of people for special events such as weddings, conferences, and galas. These halls typically feature high ceilings, large windows, elegant lighting, and opulent decor, creating an atmosphere of grandeur and luxury. They may also include amenities such as stages, dance flo
 A bar is a long, narrow, rectangular structure, typically made of wood, metal, or plastic, with a flat surface on top and sometimes stools, chairs, or benches for seating. Bars can be found in various settings, such as restaurants, pubs, clubs, and hotels, and are often used for socializing, drinking,
 Barns are large structures made of wood, metal, or a combination of materials, typically used for storing crops, livestock, or farm equipment. They often have a sloping roof, a large door, and windows to provide ventilation and light. Some barns may also have a loft or upper level for additional storage or living space. Barns can be found
 Barndoors are a type of door commonly found in barns and other agricultural buildings. They are typically large and made of wood or metal, with a wide opening that allows for easy access to the interior of the building. Barndoors often feature a sliding or swinging design, and may be adorned with hardware such as hinges, handles, and
 A baseball field is a large outdoor recreational area that features a diamond-shaped grassy infield with bases, a pitcher's mound, and a home plate. The outfield is typically made of grass and features a fence or wall that marks the boundaries of the field. The field is used for playing the sport of baseball, and it includes various features
 Basements are underground rooms with concrete walls and floors, low ceilings, and small windows or no windows at all. They are often used for storage, laundry, and other utilitarian purposes, and can be found in both residential and commercial buildings. Basements can be finished or unfinished, and may have exposed pipes, ductwork,
 Basilicas are imposing structures with grand facades, soaring ceilings, ornate decorations, intricate mosaics, and large stained glass windows that flood the interior with light and color, creating an awe-inspiring atmosphere. They often feature a large dome or towering spires, and their interiors are adorned with intr
Basketball courts outdoors are typically made of concrete or asphalt, with a rectangular shape and a hoop at each end. The court is divided into two halves by a center line, and there are lines and markings on the court to indicate the different areas of play. The court is surrounded by a fence or wall to prevent the ball from going out of bounds, and
 A bathroom is a room in a house or building that is equipped with plumbing fixtures such as a sink, toilet, shower or bathtub, and is used for personal hygiene activities such as bathing, grooming, and using the toilet. The room is typically equipped with lighting, ventilation, and storage facilities
 The batter's box is a rectangular area marked on the ground in front of home plate, where the batter stands during their at-bat. It is typically made of dirt or clay and is surrounded by a white chalk line. The batter's box is designed to provide the batter with a clear and consistent surface to stand on while hitting the ball, and to help
 Bayous are slow-moving, winding bodies of water that are typically found in low-lying areas with dense vegetation and are characterized by their murky, tea-colored waters and diverse aquatic life. Bayous can be freshwater or brackish and are often associated with swamps, marshes, and other wetland ecosystems. They
 bazaar/indoor  A bazaar/indoor is a type of marketplace that is located within a building or structure, typically indoors. These marketplaces often feature a variety of vendors selling a range of goods, such as handicrafts, clothing, and food. The atmosphere is often lively and bustling, with the sc
 bazaar/outdoor: A vibrant and bustling marketplace filled with colorful stalls and vendors selling a variety of goods, from fresh produce and handicrafts to souvenirs and street food. The atmosphere is lively and energetic, with the scent of exotic spices and the sound of lively chatter filling the air
 A beach is a landform along a body of water that consists of loose particles such as sand, gravel, or shingle. It may also contain rocks, tide pools, and other geological features. Beaches are popular for recreational activities such as swimming, sunbathing, and surfing. They are also important habitats for wildlife such
 Beauty salons are places where individuals can go to receive various treatments to enhance their physical appearance, such as haircuts, manicures, pedicures, facials, and makeup applications. These salons typically have a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere, with comfortable seating and soothing decor. The professionals who work at these salons are trained
 Bedrooms are personal spaces that serve as a place to sleep, relax, and store personal belongings. They typically contain a bed, nightstands, a closet or wardrobe, and a dresser or chest of drawers. Some bedrooms may also have additional features such as a desk, chair, or bookshelf. The size and layout of bed
 A berth is a designated space or compartment on a ship or boat for a specific purpose, such as cargo storage, passenger accommodation, or crew quarters. Berths can vary greatly in size, shape, and amenities depending on the type of vessel and its intended use. Some berths may be simple and functional, while others may be luxurious and sp
 Biology laboratories are specialized spaces designed for conducting scientific experiments and investigations in the field of biology. These laboratories are equipped with a wide range of tools and equipment, such as microscopes, test tubes, petri dishes, and other specialized instruments, to facilitate research and experimentation in areas such as cell biology, gen
 Bistros and indoor dining establishments offer a cozy and inviting atmosphere, often with dim lighting, comfortable seating, and decorative elements such as flowers, candles, and artwork, creating a warm and welcoming ambiance for patrons to enjoy their meals and socialize with friends and family.
 Boardwalks are structures made of wood or other materials that are built over or along a body of water, providing a safe and stable surface for pedestrians to walk on. They often feature decorative elements such as railings, benches, and lighting, and may also include amenities like food and drink vendors, restrooms, and entertainment options. Boardwal
 A boat deck is a flat surface that provides a platform for people to stand or sit on while on a boat. It is typically made of a durable material such as wood or fiberglass and is designed to withstand the elements and provide a safe and stable surface for passengers. The size and shape of a boat deck can vary depending on the size and type of boat, but it
 A boathouse is a structure designed to store and protect boats and other watercraft. It typically features a sloping roof, wooden or metal walls, and a large door that opens out onto the water. Some boathouses also have windows and skylights to provide natural light and ventilation. The exterior of a boathouse may be made of materials such as wood,
 A bookstore is a retail establishment that specializes in the sale of books, periodicals, and other written materials, often with a wide selection of titles and knowledgeable staff available to assist customers in finding what they are looking for. The physical space of a bookstore typically features shelves and displays of books and other materials, as well as seating areas for customers to
 Booths and indoor spaces are typically designed to provide a comfortable and private area for individuals to engage in various activities, such as meetings, presentations, and social events. These spaces often feature walls, floors, and ceilings made of a variety of materials, such as wood, metal, and glass, and may include amenities like seating, lighting
 A botanical garden is a place where a variety of plants are cultivated and displayed for the purpose of education, research, and conservation. These gardens typically feature a diverse range of flora, including both native and exotic species, and may include specialized gardens such as rock gardens, herb gardens, and rose gardens. They often feature walking paths, ben
 Bow windows are large, curved windows that extend outward from a building's wall, providing expansive views of the outdoors while allowing natural light to flood the interior space. They are typically installed in living rooms, bedrooms, and other areas where natural light and outdoor views are desired. Bow windows can be made of various materials, such as wood, vin
 Bow windows are large, curved glass panels that extend outward from a building's exterior, providing expansive views of the surrounding landscape and allowing natural light to flood the interior spaces. They are often found in outdoor settings, such as gardens, patios, and decks, and can be made of a variety of materials, including wood, vinyl
 Bowling alleys are large, indoor entertainment venues that feature a long, narrow lane made of synthetic or natural materials, where players roll heavy balls down the lane in an attempt to knock down as many pins as possible in each frame, with the goal of achieving a high score. The alleys are typically equipped with automatic pinsetters, b
 A boxing ring is a square or rectangular enclosure made of ropes and posts, surrounded by tiered seating for spectators, with a mat or canvas surface inside for the fighters to stand on during a match. The ring is typically surrounded by a raised platform for the judges, referee, and other officials, and is illuminated by bright lights to
 Breweries and indoor spaces share several visual features, including high ceilings, exposed brick or concrete walls, metal beams, and large windows that allow natural light to pour in, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. Additionally, breweries often feature stainless steel tanks, wooden barrels, and other equipment that add to the industrial aesthetic
include <iostream> include <vector> using namespace std;  class Dog { public:     string breed;     int age;     double weight;     Dog(string b, int a, double w) {         breed = b;         age = a;         weight = w;     }     void
 A building facade is a wall of a building that is visible from the outside, typically made of materials such as brick, stone, or glass, and may feature architectural elements such as arches, columns, or ornate details.   A longer description of the class "building_facade" could be:  A building facade is a critical component of a
 Bullrings are large, enclosed areas where bullfighting takes place. They are typically oval in shape and surrounded by tiered seating for spectators. The arena floor is covered in a thick layer of sand, and the walls are adorned with intricate tile work and decorative arches. The bullring is the focal point of the
 burial_chamber burial_chamber:     description: A grand and imposing structure, the burial chamber is the final resting place of a powerful pharaoh. The walls are adorned with intricate hieroglyphics, telling the story of the pharaoh's life and reign. The chamber is lit by flickering
 Bus interiors are characterized by rows of seats, often upholstered in fabric or leather, with armrests and headrests for passenger comfort. The aisle runs down the center of the bus, with overhead storage bins for luggage and other items. The dashboard features a variety of controls and instruments for the driver, including a speedometer
 Butchers' shops are places where meat is sold and prepared for consumption. They typically have a variety of cuts of meat, including beef, pork, and lamb, as well as a range of sausages and other processed meats. The interior of a butcher's shop is often filled with the smell of fresh meat and the sound of s
 Buttes are distinctive landforms characterized by a flat top and steep sides, often formed through erosion and weathering processes. They can be found in a variety of geological settings, including deserts, mountains, and coastal regions, and can range in size from small, isolated formations to large, complex landscapes. Buttes are often composed of hard
 Cabins and outdoor spaces offer a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life, providing an opportunity to connect with nature, relax, and rejuvenate. These spaces often feature natural materials such as wood, stone, and plants, and may include amenities such as fireplaces, hammocks, and outdoor kitchens
 Cafeterias are large, communal dining areas where people can purchase and consume various types of food and drinks. They are often found in schools, workplaces, hospitals, and other public or private institutions. Cafeterias typically have long tables and chairs for seating, as well as serving counters and food preparation areas. They may also
 A campsite is a place where people set up temporary dwellings, such as tents or recreational vehicles, to spend time outdoors and engage in various activities like hiking, fishing, and campfires. Campsites often feature amenities like restrooms, picnic tables, and grills, and may be located in scenic areas like for
 Campuses are expansive areas of land that serve as the primary locations for educational institutions, typically universities or colleges. These areas often feature a variety of buildings, including classrooms, libraries, dormitories, and administrative offices, as well as recreational spaces such as athletic fields, courtyards, and parking lots. The layout and design of campuses can
 Canals and natural waterways are significant features of the landscape, providing vital transportation routes, supporting aquatic life, and contributing to the overall aesthetic and recreational value of the environment. These waterways can range from narrow, winding streams to broad, slow-moving rivers and can be found in a variety of settings, from rural countrysides to
canals and urban areas are characterized by the presence of waterways and human-made infrastructure, such as buildings, roads, and bridges. These environments are often densely populated and have a mix of residential, commercial, and industrial uses, with a variety of transportation options and access to amenities such as parks, public spaces, and cultural attractions.
 Candy stores offer a wide variety of sweets and treats, including gummies, lollipops, caramels, chocolates, and other sugary delights. These stores often have colorful and eye-catching displays, inviting customers to indulge in their sweet tooth. The aroma of sugar and candy fills the air,
 Canyons are deep, narrow gorges carved out of rock by the relentless power of water over millions of years. They are characterized by steep walls, rocky outcroppings, and a diverse array of plant and animal life. Canyons can be found in a variety of landscapes, from deserts to mountains, and offer breatht
Cars with backseats typically feature fabric or leather upholstery, adjustable headrests, armrests, cup holders, and storage compartments, providing a comfortable and convenient space for passengers.
The class "car_interior/frontseat" encompasses a wide range of visual features, including leather or fabric upholstery, adjustable seats, cup holders, dashboard controls, and a steering wheel, all of which contribute to the overall aesthetic and functional design of the front seat of a car.
 Carrousels are colorful, whimsical amusement park rides with ornate, hand-carved horses and other animals that move up and down as the ride rotates, providing a thrilling experience for riders of all ages. They often feature intricate carvings, gilded details, and vibrant colors, creating a magical and memorable
 Casinos and indoor spaces are characterized by a variety of features, including ornate decorations, dim lighting, the sound of gambling machines, the smell of cigarette smoke, and the hum of activity, all of which combine to create an exciting and suspenseful atmosphere. 
 Castles are grand, imposing structures that serve as residences for royalty and nobility. They are characterized by towers, battlements, moats, drawbridges, and grand halls, and are often surrounded by beautiful gardens and rolling hills. Castles can be made of stone, wood, or a combination of materials, and can vary greatly in size
 Catacombs are underground burial chambers that date back to ancient times and are often associated with religious or cultural significance. These subterranean passages are typically narrow and winding, with low ceilings and flickering candlelight casting eerie shadows on the walls. The air is musty and dank, filled with the scent of
 Cathedrals and other indoor spaces are characterized by tall ceilings, stained glass windows, intricate architectural details, and a sense of grandeur, creating an atmosphere of reverence and awe.
 Cathedrals and outdoor spaces share many visual features, such as grand scale, intricate details, and the use of natural light. Cathedrals are characterized by towering spires, stained glass windows, and ornate stone carvings, while outdoor spaces may feature manicured gardens, sweeping vistas, and the play of light and
 Caverns and indoor spaces are characterized by their subterranean or enclosed nature, with features such as rocky formations, uneven terrain, dim lighting, and a range of temperatures and humidity levels. These spaces can be found in a variety of locations, from natural caves to man-made structures like mines, tunnels, and
 Cemeteries are places of reverence and respect, where the deceased are laid to rest in a peaceful and serene environment. They are often adorned with beautiful landscaping, statues, and headstones, serving as a final resting place for those who have passed on. The tranquil atmosphere and somber ambiance of cemeteries
 A chalet is a type of mountain hut of originated in the Swiss Alps, characterized by a wooden structure, sloping roofs, and a cozy interior with a fireplace, typically used as a holiday home or a refuge for skiers and hikers. The chalets are often surrounded by stunning mountain scenery and offer breatht
 A cheese factory is a place where milk is processed into various types of cheese. It is typically a large building with stainless steel equipment and machinery for milking, pasteurizing, and aging cheese. The factory may also have a retail store on site where customers can purchase fresh cheese and other dairy products.
 Chemistry labs are specialized spaces designed for conducting experiments and investigations in the field of chemistry. These labs typically contain a variety of equipment and instruments, such as burettes, flasks, pipettes, and hot plates, as well as storage cabinets for chemicals and other materials. The layout of a chemistry lab may include workstations
Chicken coops designed for indoor use typically feature a sturdy enclosure made of wood or metal, with perches and nesting boxes for the chickens to roost and lay eggs. The interior is often lined with bedding material like straw or wood shavings to provide a comfortable surface for the chickens to walk on and to absorb waste. Windows
Chicken coops and outdoor areas for chickens are typically equipped with perches, nesting boxes, and roosts, providing a safe and comfortable environment for the birds to roam and lay eggs. The structures are often made of wood or metal, with wire mesh or slats for ventilation and protection from predators. The outdoor areas may include fenced-in
 A child's room is a space filled with colorful toys, books, and games that inspire imagination and creativity. The walls are often adorned with posters and artwork created by the child, and the furniture is designed to be both functional and fun, such as a bed shaped like a castle or a desk with storage bins for toys
 Churches and other indoor places of worship are typically characterized by their grand architecture, ornate decorations, and reverent atmosphere. They often feature high ceilings, stained glass windows, intricate carvings, and comfortable seating, creating a peaceful and contemplative environment for worship and community gatherings.
 Churches and outdoor spaces are often characterized by grand architecture, stained glass windows, pews, altars, steeples, and other religious symbols, as well as natural elements such as trees, gardens, and landscaping, creating a peaceful and reverent atmosphere.
 classroom is a place where students go to learn and teachers go to teach. It is typically equipped with desks, chairs, a blackboard or whiteboard, and various educational materials. The size and layout of a classroom can vary depending on the school and the subject being taught. Some classrooms may have specialized equipment or technology, such as computers or science labs
 Clean rooms are specialized spaces that are designed to maintain a controlled environment, free from contaminants and particles, and are used in various industries such as biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and semiconductor manufacturing. These rooms are equipped with advanced air filtration systems, temperature and humidity control, and specialized lighting to
 A cliff is a steep slope or long face of rock, soil, or other materials that rises abruptly from the surrounding terrain, often forming a vertical or near-vertical face. Cliffs can be found in a variety of landscapes, including mountains, canyons, and coastal areas. They can be formed through a variety of geological processes, such
 Cloisters/indoor spaces are typically characterized by their serene and peaceful atmosphere, with features such as stained glass windows, vaulted ceilings, intricate stone carvings, and ornate wood paneling, creating a sense of seclusion and tranquility.
 A closet is a small, enclosed space used for storing and organizing various items such as clothes, shoes, accessories, and sometimes even food or other household items. It is typically located in a bedroom or other private area of a home or building, and is often equipped with shelves, rods, or hooks for hanging or folding items
 A clothing store is a retail establishment that specializes in selling clothing and accessories for men, women, and children. These stores typically offer a wide range of styles, sizes, and prices to cater to different tastes and budgets. They may also provide alteration services, gift cards, and loyalty programs to enhance the shopping experience for their
 Coasts are dynamic environments that are constantly changing due to the interactions between the land, sea, and atmosphere. They are characterized by a variety of physical features such as beaches, cliffs, headlands, and estuaries, as well as biological features such as mangroves, salt marshes, and coral reefs. Coasts are also influenced by
 A cockpit is a confined space in an aircraft where the pilot and other crew members control the aircraft's systems and navigate its flight. It typically features a range of instruments and controls, including a dashboard, flight stick, and pedals, as well as seats for the pilot and co-pilot. The cockpit is designed to be ergonomic and
 Coffee shops are inviting spaces that offer a variety of hot and cold beverages, such as espresso, cappuccino, latte, and drip coffee, as well as a selection of pastries, sandwiches, and other light bites. They often feature comfortable seating areas, such as sofas and armchairs, and
 A computer room is a space in a building where computer systems and related equipment are stored, managed, and operated. It typically includes a variety of hardware components such as servers, workstations, and peripheral devices, as well as software applications and networking infrastructure. The room may also be equipped with specialized cooling and power supply systems to ensure proper functioning of the
 Conference centers are large, versatile venues that offer a range of amenities and services for hosting events, meetings, and conferences. They typically feature spacious rooms with modern audiovisual equipment, comfortable seating, and ample natural lighting. Other amenities may include on-site catering, high-speed internet access, and state-of-
 Conference rooms are spacious, well-lit, and well-ventilated areas designed for productive meetings and collaborations. They typically feature large tables, comfortable chairs, whiteboards or presentation screens, and advanced audio-visual equipment to facilitate presentations and discussions. These rooms are often located in central areas of office buildings and are reserved for important meetings,
 Construction sites are areas where buildings, roads, or other structures are being built or repaired. They can be noisy, chaotic, and hazardous, with heavy machinery, materials, and debris scattered around. Workers in hard hats and reflective vests can be seen operating equipment, directing traffic, and communicating with each other
 Control rooms are specialized spaces designed for monitoring and controlling various systems, processes, and operations within a building or facility. These rooms typically feature a centralized command center with advanced technology and communication systems, allowing operators to efficiently manage and respond to situations in real-time. Control rooms may be found in a wide range of settings, including power plants, transportation hubs, emergency
Control towers outdoors are typically tall, imposing structures made of steel, concrete, or a combination of materials, with a commanding view of the surrounding area. They are equipped with a range of communication and surveillance technologies, such as radar, cameras, and lighting systems, to facilitate the safe and efficient operation of air traffic. The outdoor setting
 Corn fields are vast, flat expanses of land covered in tall, green stalks of corn, often stretching as far as the eye can see. The stalks are usually uniform in height and color, creating a sea of green that undulates gently in the breeze. In the distance, the skyline may be punctuated by silos or grain
 Corrals are enclosed areas used for confining and managing livestock, typically made of wood, metal, or other materials, with features such as gates, fencing, and watering troughs, designed to provide a safe and healthy environment for the animals.   Corrals can be found on farms, ranches, and other agricultural
 Corridors are long, narrow passageways that connect different parts of a building or structure, often with doors or openings on either side. They can be lined with walls, floors, and ceilings made of various materials, and may feature windows, artwork, or other architectural elements to enhance their aesthetic appeal. Corridors can be straight
 Cottage gardens are a type of garden that typically feature a mix of flowers, herbs, and vegetables, with a focus on aesthetic appeal and simplicity. These gardens are often characterized by informal layouts, winding paths, and a variety of textures and colors. They may include elements such as trellises, arbors, and
 Courthouses are imposing structures with grand facades, tall columns, and ornate details, symbolizing the power and authority of the legal system. They often feature domed roofs, intricate stone carvings, and large windows that allow natural light to illuminate the interior. The interior spaces are often adorned with ornate woodwork, high ceilings,
 A courtroom is a space in a courthouse where legal proceedings are held. It is typically rectangular in shape with a raised platform at the front for the judge, jury box, and counsel tables. The walls are often adorned with wood paneling and there may be a balcony for spectators. The courtroom is equipped with a variety of
 Courtyards are outdoor spaces surrounded by buildings or walls, often providing a peaceful oasis in the midst of a bustling city. They can be paved with stone, brick, or concrete, and may feature gardens, fountains, or other decorative elements. Courtyards can also serve as functional spaces for outdoor dining, entertaining, or
Covered bridges have a wooden or metal superstructure with a roof supported by posts or trusses, often featuring ornate details such as decorative railings, arched windows, and intricate carvings, set against a picturesque backdrop of rolling hills or a babbling brook.
 creek Creeks are small, winding bodies of water that flow through the landscape, often connecting larger bodies of water such as rivers and lakes. They are characterized by their shallow depths, rocky or sandy bottoms, and lush vegetation along their banks. Creeks can be found in a variety of settings, from rural countrys
 Crevasses are deep, narrow cracks or fissures in glaciers or ice sheets, formed by the movement of ice and the resulting tension in the glacier. They can be several meters or even hundreds of meters deep, and are often found in areas where the glacier is moving rapidly or where there are changes in the glacier's thickness or slope
 A crosswalk is a designated area for pedestrians to safely cross a roadway, typically marked by lines, signs, and signals. It may be located at an intersection, mid-block, or at a pedestrian-only crossing. The surface of a crosswalk may be made of concrete, asphalt, or other materials, and may be adorned with
 cubicle/office  Cubicles and offices are enclosed workspaces designed to provide employees with a quiet and private area to focus on their tasks. These spaces are typically found in corporate settings and are equipped with essential furniture such as desks, chairs, and storage units. Cubicles and offices can vary in size and layout, but they all share the common
 A dam is a structure built across a river or stream to obstruct the flow of water and create a reservoir or lake behind it. Dams can be used for a variety of purposes, including power generation, irrigation, and flood control. They can be constructed from a variety of materials, such as concrete, earth, and rock, and can range in size from
 Delicatessens are specialty food stores that offer a wide variety of high-quality, artisanal, and gourmet food products, including meats, cheeses, breads, condiments, and other specialty items. They often have a cozy and inviting atmosphere, with wooden fixtures and traditional decor, and may offer prepared foods, such
 Dentists' offices are places where dental care is provided to patients. They typically have a reception area, examination rooms, and specialized equipment such as X-ray machines and dental chairs. Dentists and their staff work together to provide a range of services, including routine cleanings and check-ups, fillings and extractions, and more complex procedures such
 Deserts are vast, arid regions characterized by sandy dunes, rocky outcroppings, and sparse vegetation, with temperatures often soaring to extreme highs during the day and plummeting to chilly lows at night. The sandy terrain can range in color from golden to tawny, and the sky is often a brilliant blue.
 Deserts and vegetation are vastly different biomes with distinct physical and ecological characteristics. Deserts are arid regions with limited vegetation and rainfall, characterized by sandy dunes, cacti, and rocky outcroppings. In contrast, vegetation biomes are dominated by plant life, with diverse species of trees,
 Diners are typically indoor establishments that serve a variety of foods, including breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They often have a classic, retro aesthetic and are known for their friendly service and casual atmosphere. Diners may have booths, tables, or counter seating, and often feature a long counter with stools. They may also have a
 Diners and outdoor settings are characterized by their casual and relaxed ambiance, often with retro or vintage decor, neon lights, and a variety of seating options such as booths, stools, and tables. The atmosphere is often lively and bustling, with the scent of food and the sound of laughter and conversation filling the
 Home is where the heart is, and the dinette is where family and friends gather to share meals and make memories. The dinette is a space that exudes warmth and comfort, with plush furniture, soft lighting, and personal touches that reflect the personalities of those who inhabit it. Whether it's a cozy breakfast nook or a
 Dinettes and vehicles are characterized by their versatility and functionality, offering a range of features such as comfortable seating, ample storage space, and advanced technology and safety features, all designed to enhance the driving and passenger experience.     
 A dining car, also known as a diner, is a type of railroad car that is designed to provide food and beverage services to passengers on a train. These cars typically feature large windows, comfortable seating, and a variety of menu options, including breakfast, lunch, and dinner dishes, as well as snacks and beverages. Some dining cars
 A dining room is a room in a house where meals are traditionally eaten. It is typically furnished with a table and chairs, and may also contain other pieces such as a sideboard, hutch, or china cabinet. The walls are often adorned with artwork or mirrors, and the room may be lit by a chandelier or
 A discotheque is a place where people go to dance and socialize, typically featuring a DJ or live music, flashing lights, and a lively atmosphere. It is often associated with popular culture and nightlife, offering a space for people to let loose and have fun.
 Docks are structures built on the shore of a body of water that provide a place for ships to moor and unload their cargo. They typically feature a long, narrow platform that extends out into the water, with a series of pillars or piers that support the platform and keep it stable. Docks can be made of a variety of materials, such as wood,
 Doorways and outdoor spaces offer a transition from the interior of a building to the outside world, providing a physical and visual connection to the outdoors. They can be designed in a variety of styles and materials, from modern and sleek to traditional and ornate, and can be adorned with features such as windows, shutters, and landscaping. Door
 A dorm room is a small, cozy space that serves as living quarters for students during their time at college or university. It typically includes a bed, a desk, a chair, and a closet or wardrobe for storing personal belongings. The walls are often adorned with posters, photographs, and other decorative items that reflect the student
 A driveway is a path made of materials such as asphalt, concrete, or gravel that leads from a road or street to a residence or other structure, providing a safe and convenient route for vehicles to enter and exit the property. Driveways can be straight, curved, or winding, and may feature decorative elements such as pavers or landscaping. They
Driving ranges and outdoor spaces offer a variety of visual features, including lush greenery, rolling hills, and expansive skies, creating a picturesque backdrop for golfers to hone their skills and enjoy the great outdoors. 
 Drugstores are retail establishments that sell a wide range of healthcare and personal care products, including prescription and over-the-counter medications, vitamins and supplements, beauty and grooming products, and household items. They often have a pharmacy on site where customers can fill their prescriptions and consult with a licensed pharmac
 Electrical substations are large, complex structures that house and distribute electrical power. They are typically composed of tall, metal towers supporting high-voltage transmission lines, transformers, switchgear, and other electrical equipment. The substation's design and layout are carefully planned to ensure efficient and safe distribution of electricity to the surrounding area. The substation
 elevators and doors are structures that provide access and movement between different levels of a building. Elevators are enclosed cabins suspended by cables and pulleys that transport people or freight between floors, while doors are movable barriers that open and close to allow or block access to rooms, corridors, or other areas. Both elevators and doors come
 elevator/interior  Elevators are enclosed spaces that transport people or freight between floors in a building. The interior of an elevator typically features a control panel, buttons or levers to select the desired floor, and a display screen to show the current floor and other information. The interior may also include safety features such as emergency stop buttons, alarm systems
 Elevator shafts are vertical structures that house the elevator cars and cables, providing a means of vertical transportation within a building. They are typically made of steel or concrete and can be found in high-rise buildings, office complexes, and other multi-level structures. The shafts are designed to support the weight of the elevator cars, cables
 An engine room is a space on a ship or boat that houses the ship's engines, fuel systems, and other mechanical and electrical components. It is typically located in the lower part of the ship and is responsible for propelling the vessel forward. The engine room is a critical part of the ship's infrastructure and requires regular maintenance and upkeep to ensure the safe and efficient
 escalators and indoor stairs are similar in that they both facilitate movement between floors in a building, but they differ in terms of their design, functionality, and user experience. Escalators are motorized moving stairs that transport people between floors, while indoor stairs are fixed in place and require users to climb up or down manually. Escalators
 Excavation is the process of uncovering and removing soil, rocks, and other materials from a site to reveal artifacts, structures, or other objects of archaeological, historical, or scientific interest. Excavation can be performed using a variety of techniques, including manual digging, mechanical excavation with heavy machinery, and non-invas
 Factories and indoor spaces are characterized by their artificial lighting, machinery and equipment, and controlled temperature and humidity levels, creating an environment that is distinct from natural outdoor settings.   Q: What is a longer description of the class "water"?           A: Water is a transparent and odorless liquid that is essential for life,
 A fairway is a stretch of grass-covered land designed for golfers to hit their balls upon, typically featuring undulating greens, sand traps, and obstacles such as trees and water hazards, providing a challenging and enjoyable experience for golfers of all skill levels.   A fairway is a stretch of grass-covered land designed for
 Fast food restaurants are characterized by their quick service, casual atmosphere, and affordable prices. They typically offer a limited menu of standardized dishes, such as burgers, fries, and chicken nuggets, and are often located in high-traffic areas like shopping centers and along highways. These restaurants prioritize efficiency and convenience,
  Fields are areas of land used for growing crops or raising livestock, typically characterized by open spaces, fertile soil, and a variety of vegetation. Cultivated land, on the other hand, is land that has been intentionally modified or altered by humans for agricultural purposes, such as through irrigation, tilling, or planting.
 The class "field/wild" includes a wide range of flora and fauna that can be found in open fields, meadows, and wilderness areas. This class includes tall grasses, wildflowers, and other herbaceous plants, as well as trees, shrubs, and other woody plants. It also includes a variety of animals, such as
 A fire escape is a structure or series of stairs and landings that provide a means of egress from a building in case of a fire emergency. It is typically made of metal, wood, or a combination of materials, and is designed to be easily accessible and visible from all areas of the building. The stairs are usually narrow and steep, with handrails on both
 A fire station is a building that houses firefighters and their equipment, typically located in a central area of a city or town. It is a place where firefighters sleep, eat, and store their gear when they are not responding to emergency calls. The building is typically equipped with bays for housing fire trucks and other vehicles, as well
 Firing range/indoor is a spacious, well-lit, and well-ventilated indoor area specifically designed for shooting practice and training, equipped with various targets, shooting lanes, and safety features to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for shooters of all skill levels.
 Fishponds are artificial bodies of water created by humans for the purpose of raising fish and other aquatic organisms. They can be found in a variety of locations, including backyards, farms, and public parks. Fishponds can be constructed from a variety of materials, such as concrete, plastic, or natural stone, and can range in size from small,
Florist shops with indoor settings typically feature a variety of colorful flowers, lush greenery, and ornate decorations, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere for customers to browse and select the perfect bouquet or arrangement for their special occasions.
 A food court is a type of dining area found in shopping malls, airports, and other public spaces that offers a variety of food vendors or restaurants under one roof. It typically features a range of cuisines, including fast food, casual dining, and specialty options, as well as seating areas for customers to enjoy their meals. The
 Forests and broadleafs are vast ecosystems characterized by towering trees with broad, flat leaves that filter sunlight and provide shelter and sustenance to countless species of flora and fauna, with diverse textures, colors, and shapes that create a rich tapestry of life.   Forests and broadleafs are vast ecosystem
 Forests and needleleaf trees are characterized by tall, majestic trees with long, slender trunks and sprawling canopies of leaves that range in color from deep greens to vibrant oranges and reds, depending on the season. The forest floor is covered with a thick layer of fallen leaves, twigs, and other organic matter, providing a
 Forest paths are often lined with tall trees, their trunks covered in moss and lichen, their leaves rustling in the gentle breeze. Sunlight filters through the canopy above, casting dappled patterns on the forest floor, where ferns, wildflowers, and other underbrush thrive. The path itself is often winding and uneven
 A forest road is a type of road that is built within a forest or jungle, typically used for logging or other forestry purposes. These roads are often unpaved and can be narrow and winding, with dense foliage on either side. The surface of a forest road may be rough and uneven, with potholes and ruts from heavy vehicle traffic.
 A formal garden is a type of garden that is designed and maintained according to a specific set of principles, often featuring symmetrical layouts, manicured lawns, and a variety of flowers, shrubs, and trees that are carefully selected and placed to create a visually pleasing and harmonious environment. 
 Fountains are architectural structures that feature a stream of water that flows from a source, often in the form of a spout or jet, into a basin or pool. They can be found in a variety of settings, from public parks and gardens to hotel courtyards and private residences. Fountains can be made of a range of materials, including stone
 Galley is a type of kitchen or cooking area that is typically found on ships, boats, and other types of watercraft. It is designed to provide a space for cooking and preparing meals while at sea, and is often equipped with specialized appliances and utensils that are specifically suited for use in a marine environment. Galley's can
 A game room is a space in a house or building that is specifically designed for playing games. It typically features a variety of games, such as board games, card games, and video games, as well as comfortable seating and lighting. The room may also include decorative elements, such as posters or game-themed artwork, and may be equipped with specialized
 Garages and indoor spaces are characterized by their enclosed nature, often with walls and a roof, providing protection from the elements and a controlled environment for various activities such as parking vehicles, storing belongings, and engaging in hobbies or work. These spaces can range from small, cramped areas to large, open rooms, and can be found in a variety
 Garbage dumps are large areas of land or water where trash and other forms of waste are discarded. They can be found in a variety of locations, from rural areas to urban centers, and can range in size from small, local dumps to massive, industrial-scale landfills. The appearance of a garbage dump can vary depending on the type of waste being dis
 gas_station: A gas station is a facility that sells fuel for motor vehicles. It typically includes a convenience store, restrooms, and fuel pumps. The building may be a freestanding structure or part of a larger complex. The fuel pumps are usually located outside, and the convenience store may offer a variety of items such as snacks, drinks, and
Gazebos are freestanding outdoor structures with a roof and sometimes walls, often found in gardens, parks, or other outdoor spaces, characterized by their octagonal or hexagonal shapes, intricate details, and a variety of materials such as wood, metal, or canvas.
 General stores with indoor spaces offer a wide range of products and services, from groceries and household items to clothing and personal care, all within a comfortable and welcoming environment. These stores often have well-organized shelves and displays, as well as friendly and knowledgeable staff to assist customers with their needs. Additionally, many general stores with indoor spaces offer additional
 A general store with an outdoor section offers a variety of goods and services, including food, household items, clothing, tools, hardware, and more. The outdoor section may feature a garden center, lawn and garden supplies, outdoor furniture, and other seasonal items. The store may also offer services such as a post office, a deli or bakery,
 A gift shop is a retail establishment that specializes in selling gifts, decorative items, and souvenirs, often located in tourist areas or near popular attractions. These shops typically offer a wide variety of items, such as t-shirts, mugs, keychains, and other knick-knacks, as well as more unique or
 Golf courses are vast outdoor recreational facilities featuring multiple holes, each consisting of a tee box, fairway, rough, and green. They often include water hazards, sand traps, and other obstacles, as well as various amenities such as clubhouses, pro shops, and restaurants.
 Greenhouses and indoor spaces are characterized by their controlled environments, which allow for the cultivation of plants and the regulation of temperature, humidity, and lighting. These spaces often feature large windows, skylights, and artificial lighting systems to provide the necessary light and warmth for plant growth. They may also include irrigation systems, heating and
 Greenhouses and outdoor environments are characterized by a variety of visual features, including lush vegetation, vibrant colors, and diverse textures. These spaces often incorporate elements such as glass, metal, and natural materials like wood and stone, creating a harmonious blend of form and function. The lighting in these environments can range from bright and natural to
 Gymnasiums and indoor spaces are characterized by high ceilings, open layouts, and a variety of equipment and furniture designed for physical activity and recreation, such as basketball hoops, treadmills, exercise machines, and comfortable seating areas. These spaces often feature large windows and skylights to let in natural light and provide a sense of openness
 Hangars and indoor spaces are typically large, enclosed areas with high ceilings, often used for storing, maintaining, and housing various types of aircraft, vehicles, and equipment. These spaces are designed to provide protection from the elements and to accommodate a range of activities, such as maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) operations, as well as
 Hangars and outdoor spaces are areas where aircraft, vehicles, and other machinery are stored, maintained, and operated. Hangars are typically large, enclosed structures made of metal or other materials, with doors that can be opened to allow aircraft to enter and exit. Outdoor spaces, on the other hand, are open areas that may be paved or grassy
 Harbors are bodies of water sheltered by natural or artificial barriers, providing a safe haven for ships, boats, and other watercraft. They can be found in various locations, such as coastal areas, rivers, and lakes. Harbors are essential for maritime trade and transportation, as they offer a secure place for vessels to dock, unload, and
 Hayfields are vast expanses of rolling hills covered in lush green grass and dotted with wildflowers, providing a picturesque backdrop for a variety of outdoor activities such as hiking, horseback riding, and picnicking. The tall grasses sway gently in the breeze, creating a soothing rustling sound that adds to the
 A heliport is a defined area on a building or structure that is specifically designed and equipped for the takeoff and landing of helicopters. It typically includes a flat, level surface, markings to guide pilots, and safety features such as crash barriers and fire suppression systems. Heliports can be found on top of buildings, on rooftops
 A herb garden is a collection of herbs that are grown and maintained for their culinary, medicinal, or aesthetic value. These gardens typically feature a variety of herbs such as basil, rosemary, thyme, and oregano, which are planted in well-draining soil and receive adequate sunlight and water. The
 Highways are complex systems of infrastructure that facilitate the movement of people, goods, and services across vast distances, connecting cities, towns, and communities, and serving as critical arteries of commerce, transportation, and communication. They are typically composed of multiple lanes of traffic, divided by medians, barriers, or other separators, and feature a variety of infrastr
 A hill is a landform that rises above the surrounding terrain, typically with a gentle slope and a rounded or irregular shape. Hills can be covered in grass, trees, or other vegetation, and may have a distinct summit or peak. They can be found in a variety of landscapes, including mountains, valleys, and plains. Hills can provide habitat for a
 Home offices are typically characterized by a dedicated workspace within a residential setting, often featuring a desk, chair, and various tools and equipment for completing work-related tasks. They may also include storage for office supplies and documents, as well as comfortable seating for clients or colleagues. The design and layout of a home office can vary widely depending on the individual's
 Hospital is a large building where patients receive medical care and treatment. It has multiple floors, wings, and departments, including emergency rooms, operating rooms, intensive care units, and wards for various medical specialties. The hospital is staffed by doctors, nurses, and other healthcare professionals who work together to provide high-quality medical care to patients
 A hospital room is a place where patients receive medical care and treatment. It typically includes a bed, a nightstand, a chair, and various medical equipment such as monitors, machines, and supplies. The walls are often painted a soothing color and decorated with artwork or plants to create a calming atmosphere. The room is designed to provide a comfortable and safe environment for patients
 hot_spring is a natural spring that is heated by the Earth's internal heat, typically found in volcanic regions. These springs are characterized by their warm temperatures, often ranging from 37C to 70C (98F to 158F), and their high mineral content, which can include calci
 Hot tubs and outdoor spas offer a luxurious and rejuvenating experience, with features such as jetted massage seats, LED lighting, waterfall features, and heaters to maintain a comfortable temperature. They are typically made of durable materials such as acrylic or fiberglass, and come in a variety of shapes and sizes to fit different
 Hotels and outdoor recreation areas offer a wide range of activities and amenities, from swimming pools and fitness centers to hiking and biking trails, and from fine dining to casual eateries. Whether you're looking for a relaxing getaway or an action-packed adventure, hotels and outdoor recreation
 A hotel room is a space that provides temporary accommodation for travelers. It typically includes a bed, closet, desk, chair, and bathroom with shower, toilet, and sink. Some rooms may also have additional amenities such as a television, air conditioning, and internet access. The design and decor of the room may vary depending on the hotel'
include <iostream> using namespace std;  class Dog { public:     int age;     string breed;     Dog(int a, string b) {         age = a;         breed = b;     }     void bark() {         cout << "Woof!" << endl;     } 
 Hunting lodges and outdoor activities offer a chance to immerse oneself in nature and enjoy a variety of recreational pursuits, such as hiking, fishing, and wildlife viewing. These structures are often designed to blend seamlessly into their natural surroundings, with features like wooden exteriors, stone fireplaces, and large windows that
 Ice cream parlors are establishments that specialize in serving a variety of frozen desserts, such as ice cream, gelato, and frozen yogurt. These establishments typically have a warm and inviting atmosphere, with decorations and furnishings that evoke a sense of nostalgia and comfort. They may also offer a range of toppings
 Ice floes are large, flat expanses of ice that float on the surface of the ocean. They are formed by the freezing of sea water and can range in size from a few meters to several kilometers across. Ice floes are typically white or light blue in color and have a smooth, flat surface. They can be found in polar regions such as the Arctic and
 Ice shelves are vast, thick plates of ice that float on the ocean, formed from glaciers and ice streams. They are characterized by their flat, smooth surfaces, and can be up to several kilometers thick in some areas. The edges of ice shelves are often rugged and fractured, with large icebergs breaking off and floating away as
Indoor ice skating rinks are enclosed spaces with a smooth, frozen surface made of ice, surrounded by protective barriers, and equipped with amenities such as seating areas, concession stands, and sound systems, providing a safe and enjoyable environment for ice skating.
Outdoor ice skating rinks are typically located in public parks or other outdoor spaces and feature a smooth, frozen surface made of ice, surrounded by snow-covered trees and festive lighting, offering a picturesque winter wonderland setting for ice skating enthusiasts.
 Icebergs are towering, majestic, and awe-inspiring natural wonders of the sea. They are massive chunks of freshwater ice that break off from glaciers or ice shelves and float in the ocean. Their sheer size and grandeur are breathtaking, with some icebergs reaching heights of over 200
 igloos are dome-shaped structures made of blocks of snow, typically built by Inuit people in the Arctic regions for shelter and protection from harsh weather conditions. They are often built with a doorway and sometimes have windows made of ice or translucent animal hide. The walls of an igloo can be quite thick, providing excellent insulation against the cold
 Industrial areas are typically characterized by a high concentration of factories, warehouses, and other industrial buildings, as well as a network of roads, railways, and other transportation infrastructure to facilitate the movement of goods and materials. These areas often have a utilitarian and functional aesthetic, with a focus on practicality and efficiency rather than a
 Inns and outdoor spaces are places where people can relax, socialize, and enjoy the natural world. Inns are typically indoor spaces that offer lodging, food, and drink, while outdoor spaces can range from parks and gardens to beaches and mountains. Both types of spaces offer opportunities for recreation, relaxation, and connection with nature and others.
 Islets are small, oval-shaped landforms that are surrounded by water on all sides. They are typically found in the ocean, but can also be found in lakes and rivers. Islets are characterized by their rocky or sandy terrain, and are often covered in vegetation such as grasses, shrubs, and trees. They are popular tourist destin
Jacuzzis and indoor spaces are characterized by their warm, humid environments, often with soft lighting and comfortable seating, providing a relaxing and rejuvenating experience for users.
 jails/indoor are enclosed spaces with walls, floors, and ceilings, often used for confinement or security purposes, and can be found in a variety of settings, such as prisons, jails, and other correctional facilities, as well as mental institutions, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities. These spaces are often designed to be secure
 Jail cells are small, enclosed spaces with solid walls and a locked door, often containing a single bed, a toilet, and a sink. They are used to confine individuals who have been arrested or convicted of crimes, and are typically found in prisons and other correctional facilities. The cells are designed to be secure and restrictive, with little to no
 A jewelry shop is a retail location specializing in the sale of precious and semi-precious stones, metals, and other adornments for personal adornment. These shops typically feature a wide variety of items, such as rings, earrings, necklaces, bracelets, and watches, all crafted from a range of materials
 Kasbahs are ancient walled cities or fortresses found in North Africa and the Middle East, characterized by narrow streets, ornate architecture, and a blend of Islamic and indigenous styles. They often feature grand mosques, bustling souks, and vibrant markets, reflecting the rich cultural heritage of the region.
 A kennel is a structure designed to house and protect dogs, typically made of metal or wood, with a roof, walls, and a door, providing a safe and secure environment for them to rest, play, and receive care. An indoor space, on the other hand, is a room or area within a building that is designed for human habitation or use, and may
 A kennel is a structure designed to house and protect dogs, typically made of wood or metal, with a roof, walls, and a door, providing a safe and secure environment for them to rest, play, and receive care. An outdoor space, such as a yard or field, is a designated area for dogs to exercise, socialize, and enjoy the outdoors
A kindergarten classroom is a space filled with colorful and engaging materials and furniture, such as alphabet blocks, puzzles, books, and art supplies, all designed to facilitate young children's learning and development. 
 A kitchen is a room or area in a house or building where food is prepared and cooked. It is typically equipped with a stove, oven, sink, and refrigerator, and may also include other appliances such as a dishwasher or microwave. The design and layout of a kitchen can vary greatly depending on the size and style
 A kitchenette is a small kitchen or kitchen-like space that is typically found in apartments, studios, or other small living spaces. It usually includes a sink, stove, microwave, and refrigerator, and may also have a small dining table and chairs. The kitchenette is designed to provide basic cooking and food preparation facilities in a
 Labyrinths and outdoor spaces are often characterized by their vastness, complexity, and natural beauty, with features such as winding paths, hedges, fountains, and sculptures, creating an immersive and engaging experience for those who explore them.
 Lakes and natural bodies of water are vast, serene, and teeming with aquatic life. They can be crystal clear or murky, calm or turbulent, and their shores can be rocky, sandy, or lined with vegetation. The colors of lakes and natural bodies of water can range from deep blues and greens to sh
 Landfills are large areas of land used for the disposal of waste, typically consisting of a mixture of organic and inorganic materials such as food scraps, paper products, plastics, and construction debris. They can be found in a variety of locations, including rural and urban areas, and are often characterized by a distinctive odor and a range
 Landing Decks  A landing deck is a visual representation of a product or service, typically presented in a pitch deck format, used to communicate the value proposition and key features of the product or service to potential customers, investors, or stakeholders. A well-designed landing deck should be visually appealing, easy to understand, and effectively communicate the key messages
 Laundromats are self-service facilities that provide washing machines, dryers, and other equipment for customers to clean their clothes. They typically have a variety of machines with different capacities and features, as well as amenities such as change machines, ironing boards, and folding tables. Some laundromats may also offer additional services like dry cleaning or la
 Lecture rooms are typically spacious, well-lit, and equipped with comfortable seating arrangements, whiteboards, projectors, and other educational tools to facilitate engaging and interactive learning experiences for students.                           
 Libraries are indoor spaces that provide a quiet atmosphere for reading, learning, and research, often with rows of shelves containing books, computers, and other resources. They may also feature comfortable seating areas, study rooms, and special collections.
 Libraries and outdoor spaces share a common goal of providing resources and opportunities for learning, growth, and enjoyment. Libraries offer a wide range of books, media, and educational materials, while outdoor spaces provide a natural environment for exploration, recreation, and relaxation. Both libraries and outdoor spaces foster a sense of community and promote the well-
The lido deck's outdoor space offers breathtaking ocean views, comfortable seating areas, and refreshing shade provided by sails or umbrellas, creating an ideal setting for sunbathing, socializing, or simply enjoying the sea breeze.
 Lift bridges are structures that allow boats and ships to pass underneath them while maintaining a horizontal surface for vehicular or pedestrian traffic. They are typically composed of a vertical lift span that can be raised and lowered to accommodate watercraft, and a supporting structure that includes piers, abutments, and approach spans. Lift bridges can be
 Lighthouses are tall, towering structures built near coastlines to guide ships safely through treacherous waters. They typically feature a bright light at the top, which can be seen from a distance, as well as a series of lenses or mirrors that focus and amplify the light's intensity. The tower itself is often made of stone, brick, or metal, and
 Limousines have luxurious interiors with plush leather seats, spacious legroom, ambient lighting, state-of-the-art entertainment systems, and sleek wood or metallic accents, creating an opulent atmosphere for passengers.
 A living room is a space in a house or apartment that is used for relaxation, entertainment, and socializing with family and friends. It typically features a seating area, such as a sofa, armchairs, or a sectional, and may also include a coffee table, end tables, and lamps. The walls are often adorned with artwork
 Lobby is a room or area near the entrance of a building where people can wait or meet. It is typically furnished with comfortable seating, lighting, and sometimes artwork or decorations. The size and layout of a lobby can vary greatly depending on the size and purpose of the building it serves. Some lobbies are grand and spacious, while others
 Lock chambers are small, enclosed spaces within a lock's mechanism that are designed to securely hold the lock's key or other operating device, protecting it from tampering or unauthorized access. They are typically made of durable materials, such as metal or hard plastic, and may feature additional security features, such as keyway covers or anti
 Locker rooms are spaces where individuals can store and access their personal belongings, often equipped with benches, hooks, and lockers. They are commonly found in schools, gyms, and other public facilities, providing a secure and convenient place for people to store their items while they engage in physical activities or attend classes.
 A mansion is a large, luxurious dwelling place, typically built in the countryside or in an exclusive residential area. It is characterized by grandiose architecture, spacious rooms, high ceilings, intricate details, and expansive gardens or lawns. Mansions often have multiple levels, wings, and anne
 Manufactured homes are prefabricated structures designed for permanent or semi-permanent residential use. They are built in factories under controlled conditions and then transported to sites for assembly. Manufactured homes can range in size from cozy single-wide models to spacious multi-section homes, offering a variety of floor plans and features such as modern appli
 Markets and indoor spaces are characterized by a variety of visual elements, including lighting fixtures, color schemes, textures, and architectural features, all of which work together to create a specific atmosphere and ambiance.   Markets may feature a mix of natural and artificial lighting sources, such as skylights, windows, and overhead lighting,
 Markets and outdoor spaces are areas where people gather to buy and sell goods and services, engage in social activities, and enjoy the natural environment. They often feature colorful awnings, banners, and decorations, as well as vendors selling a variety of items such as fresh produce, handmade crafts, and street food. The sounds of lively
 A marsh is a type of wetland ecosystem characterized by tall grasses and aquatic plants, shallow water, and a variety of wildlife such as birds, fish, and amphibians. Marshes can be found in a variety of locations, including along rivers, lakes, and coastlines, and are known for their ability to filter and purify
Martial arts gyms are spacious, well-lit, and well-ventilated facilities equipped with various training equipment such as punching bags, mats, and obstacle courses, providing a safe and challenging environment for practitioners to hone their skills in disciplines such as karate, taekwondo, and Brazilian jiu-j
 A mausoleum is a grand and imposing structure that serves as a final resting place for the deceased. It is typically made of stone or marble and features intricate carvings, columns, and arches. The interior is often adorned with ornate frescoes, mosaics, or stained glass windows, creating a somber and rever
 Medinas are ancient, walled cities that were built in North Africa and the Middle East, characterized by narrow, winding streets, bustling souks (markets), historic mosques, and vibrant cultural heritage. These cities were often the centers of trade and commerce, and their architecture reflects a blend of Islamic, Arab, and Berber
 Water is a clear, colorless, and odorless liquid that is essential for life on Earth. It has a unique surface tension that allows it to hold its shape, and it can exist in three states: solid (ice), liquid (water), and gas (water vapor). Water is a vital component of all living organisms, and it plays a crucial role in
 Monasteries and outdoor spaces share many similarities, but they also have distinct differences. Monasteries are typically built on hilly or mountainous terrain and are surrounded by lush greenery, while outdoor spaces are often located in open fields or meadows. Monasteries are characterized by their grand architecture and intricate details, while outdoor spaces are known for their
 Mosques are places of worship for Muslims, typically featuring a large dome, minarets, and intricate architectural details such as arches, domes, and mosaics. Indoor spaces are often adorned with Islamic art and calligraphy, and may include separate areas for men and women to pray.
 A mosque is a place of worship for Muslims, typically featuring a large dome, minarets, and intricate architectural details. Outdoor spaces may include courtyards, gardens, and fountains, creating a serene and peaceful atmosphere for worship and community gatherings.
 Motels are a type of temporary lodging where guests can rent a room for a short period of time, typically with access to basic amenities such as a bed, bathroom, and parking. They are often located along highways and major intersections, catering to travelers and businesspeople who need a convenient and affordable place to stay overnight. Motels typically
 mountains are majestic, towering landforms that rise abruptly from the earth's surface, their rugged peaks and slopes covered in a variety of vegetation, from lush forests to rocky outcroppings, and their summits often shrouded in mist and clouds, creating an otherworldly and awe-inspiring landscape.
 Snow-capped mountains tower majestically in the distance, their rugged peaks and slopes blanketed in a thick layer of pristine white snow. The sky above is a brilliant blue, with nary a cloud in sight, and the air is crisp and cool, carrying the scent of pine and frost. The landscape is dotted with
 Movie theaters are indoor spaces that provide a comfortable and immersive environment for audiences to watch films. They typically feature large screens, state-of-the-art sound systems, and plush seating, as well as concession stands offering a variety of snacks and drinks. The interior design of a movie theater often includes elements such as dim light
 Museums and indoor spaces offer a wide range of exhibits and activities that cater to diverse interests and age groups. From art galleries and historical artifacts to interactive science exhibits and educational workshops, these spaces provide a safe and engaging environment for visitors to learn, explore, and be inspired. With comfortable seating areas, well-lit corridors, and
 Music stores offer a wide variety of products and services, including CDs, vinyl records, sheet music, musical instruments, and lessons. They often have knowledgeable staff who can provide recommendations and answer questions about different types of music and equipment. Some music stores also host concerts and events, and may offer repair and maintenance services for instruments.
 Music studios are specialized spaces designed for the creation, production, and recording of music. These studios typically feature soundproof walls, acoustic panels, and advanced recording equipment such as microphones, mixers, and digital audio workstations. They may also include instruments, amplifiers, and other tools for musicians to use during recording sessions. Depending on the
Nuclear power plants with outdoor components, such as cooling towers, containment buildings, and transmission lines, are characterized by their imposing size, industrial aesthetic, and complex systems for managing radioactive materials and waste. 
 A nursery is a room in a house or building where plants are grown and cared for. It is typically equipped with various tools and equipment such as pots, soil, fertilizer, and irrigation systems to support the growth and health of the plants. The nursery may also include features such as windows for natural light, temperature and humidity control
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string>  using namespace std;  class Dog { public:     string breed;     int age;     double weight;      Dog(string b, int a, double w) {         breed = b;         age = a;         weight =
 Observatory/outdoor refers to a location that is specifically designed for viewing and studying celestial objects and events, typically located in remote areas with minimal light pollution and equipped with specialized telescopes and other instruments. These locations may also offer guided tours, educational programs, and other activities for visitors to learn about the night sky and its wonders.
 Oceans are vast bodies of saltwater that cover over 70% of the Earth's surface. They are home to an incredible array of marine life, from tiny plankton to massive blue whales. The ocean's waves, tides, and currents shape the coastlines and influence the weather, providing a source of food, transportation, and recre
 Office buildings are structures designed for work and productivity, typically featuring a variety of rooms and spaces such as conference rooms, cubicles, and open floor plans, and often equipped with modern technology and amenities such as high-speed internet, video conferencing capabilities, and on-site cafeterias or restaurants.
 Office buildings are structures designed for the purpose of housing businesses and their employees. They typically have multiple floors, with each floor containing a variety of rooms and spaces, such as conference rooms, open office areas, private offices, and restrooms. Office buildings may also have amenities such as a lobby, elevators, and a parking garage. The exteriors
 An oil refinery's outdoor area is characterized by the presence of large storage tanks, pipes, and machinery, as well as the smell of petroleum products and the sound of humming machinery. The area is often covered in a layer of grime and soot, and may have visible signs of wear and tear. The
include <iostream> include <vector> using namespace std;  class Dog { public:     string breed;     int age;     double weight;     Dog(string b, int a, double w) {         breed = b;         age = a;         weight = w;     }     void
 Operating rooms are specialized facilities that are equipped with advanced medical equipment and staffed by trained medical professionals to perform surgical procedures. These rooms are designed to provide a sterile and safe environment for patients undergoing surgery, with features such as climate control, air purification systems, and specialized lighting to minimize shadows and glare. The rooms are typically
 Orchards are areas of land used for the cultivation of fruit and nut trees, typically characterized by neat rows of trees, well-maintained soil, and often irrigation systems to ensure optimal growing conditions. Orchards can be found in a variety of settings, from small family-owned farms to large commercial operations, and may specialize in a range of
 outhouse/outdoor is a class that encompasses a wide range of structures and spaces that are located outside of the main dwelling, including sheds, barns, garages, patios, decks, porches, gardens, and lawns. These spaces are often used for a variety of purposes, such as storage, recreation, and
 A pagoda is a tiered tower with multiple eaves, typically found in East Asian countries such as China, Japan, and Korea. It is often used as a religious structure, such as a Buddhist temple or Taoist shrine, and is characterized by its intricate architecture and ornate decorations, including carvings, paintings, and ceramic t
 Palaces are grandiose structures that serve as official residences for monarchs or other high-ranking dignitaries. They are characterized by their majestic architecture, opulent decor, and expansive grounds, often featuring gardens, fountains, and other landscaping elements. Palaces can be found in various locations around the world and are often associated
 A pantry is a room or cupboard used for storing food, dishes, utensils, and other household items. It is typically located near the kitchen and is equipped with shelves, drawers, and cabinets to maximize storage space. The pantry may also include a countertop or work surface for preparing food and a sink for washing dishes
 Parks are outdoor recreational areas that offer a variety of activities such as walking, hiking, biking, picnicking, and playing sports. They often feature playgrounds, lakes, ponds, or other bodies of water, and may include picnic shelters, restrooms, and other amenities. Parks can range in size from small
Parking garages with indoor spaces typically feature concrete or asphalt floors, high ceilings with exposed ductwork and pipes, fluorescent lighting, metal detectors, and security cameras, creating a functional yet utilitarian atmosphere. 
Parking garages and outdoor spaces are characterized by their large, open areas, concrete or asphalt surfaces, and various structures such as pillars, walls, and lighting fixtures, creating a functional and utilitarian environment.
 Parking lots are expansive areas of asphalt or concrete that provide space for vehicles to park. They are typically found in urban areas and are often surrounded by buildings, roads, and other infrastructure. Parking lots can range in size from small, intimate spaces to large, sprawling areas that can accommodate hundreds of vehicles. They may include features such as parking
 A parlor is a room in a house where guests are received and entertained, typically furnished with comfortable seating, decorative objects, and sometimes a piano or other musical instrument. It is a space for socializing, relaxing, and enjoying the company of others, often with a warm and inviting atmosphere created by soft lighting, plush textiles, and
 Pastures are expansive areas of land used for grazing livestock, characterized by lush vegetation, rolling hills, and serene landscapes. They provide a vital source of sustenance and nourishment for grazing animals, while also supporting a diverse range of wildlife and ecosystems. Pastures can be found in a variety of settings
 Patio is an outdoor living space that is typically paved with materials like concrete, brick, or stone, and often features furniture, lighting, and decorative elements like plants, water features, and fire pits, creating a functional and aesthetically pleasing space for relaxation and entertainment.
 A pavilion is a type of building that serves as a sheltered space for various activities, often found in public parks, gardens, and other outdoor recreational areas. Typically, a pavilion has a roof and open sides, providing protection from the elements while allowing natural light and air to circulate. Its design can vary greatly, ranging from simple and
 A pharmacy is a place where medications and other health-related products are prepared and dispensed to patients. It is typically staffed by pharmacists and other healthcare professionals who are trained in the safe and effective use of medications. Pharmacies may also offer additional services such as immunizations, health screenings, and consultations with healthcare profession
 Phone booths are small, enclosed structures that provide a private space for individuals to make phone calls. They are typically made of glass, metal, or plastic and have a door that can be closed to block out external noise and distractions. Some phone booths may also have additional features such as comfortable seating, lighting, and electrical outlets for charg
 Physics laboratories are specialized spaces equipped with a variety of instruments and equipment for conducting experiments and investigations in the field of physics. These laboratories typically feature workbenches, storage cabinets, and specialized equipment such as oscilloscopes, spectrophotometers, and particle accelerators, all of which are used to study the fundamental laws of physics
 A picnic area is a place where people gather to eat, relax, and enjoy the outdoors. It typically features a large grassy area, shaded by trees or umbrellas, and equipped with benches, tables, and trash cans. Some picnic areas may also have additional amenities such as playgrounds, restrooms, and walking tra
 Pilothouse/Indoor  Pilothouse/Indoor is a class of structures that are designed to provide a comfortable and controlled environment for various activities. These structures are typically characterized by large windows, high ceilings, and an open floor plan, creating a sense of spaciousness and freedom. The interior design often incorporates natural materials, such as wood
Planetariums and outdoor spaces offer a range of visual features, including starry night skies, constellations, and celestial bodies, as well as natural elements such as trees, mountains, and bodies of water. These environments can evoke feelings of awe and wonder, and provide opportunities for exploration and discovery.
 A playground is a place where children can engage in various physical and imaginative activities, such as climbing on jungle gyms, swinging on swings, sliding down slides, and playing games like tag and hide-and-seek. The playground is typically equipped with a variety of structures and equipment, such as monkey bars,
 A playroom is a space designed for children to engage in imaginative and creative play. It is typically equipped with a variety of toys, games, and materials that encourage exploration and learning, such as building blocks, puzzles, books, and art supplies. The room is often colorful and well-lit, with comfortable seating and storage areas for
 Plazas are open public spaces, often found in urban areas, characterized by paved or cobblestone surfaces, mature trees, and ornamental features such as fountains, statues, and benches. They serve as popular gathering places for community events, outdoor performances, and everyday activities like picnics, people-watching, and socializing
 Indoor podiums typically feature a raised platform or stage, often with steps or a ramp leading up to it, and may include a lectern or microphone stand for speakers or performers. They can be found in a variety of settings, such as conference centers, theaters, and auditoriums, and may be used for presentations, performances, or other events
 Outdoor podiums are structures designed to elevate speakers, performers, and other presenters above their audience, typically found in outdoor settings such as parks, plazas, and other public spaces. These structures are often made of durable materials such as metal or wood, and may include features such as built-in sound systems, lighting, and seating for the
 Ponds are bodies of still or slow-moving water that are typically smaller than lakes and are often found in low-lying areas or depressions in the landscape. They can be freshwater or saltwater, and may be home to a variety of aquatic plants and animals, such as fish, frogs, and water lilies. Ponds can be found in
 Poolrooms/establishments are typically indoor or outdoor spaces designed for recreational activities such as swimming, diving, and other aquatic sports. They often feature large pools with varying depths, water slides, and other attractions, as well as amenities like locker rooms, showers, and snack bars. Some poolrooms/estab
 Poolrooms and homes are places where people spend their leisure time, engage in various activities, and create memories with their loved ones. These spaces are often designed to provide comfort, relaxation, and a sense of belonging, with features such as plush furniture, warm lighting, and personal touches that reflect the tastes and preferences of their inhabitants.
 Power plants located outdoors are typically large, industrial structures that house the equipment and machinery necessary to generate electricity from a variety of sources, such as coal, natural gas, or renewable energy sources like solar or wind power. These plants are often surrounded by large areas of landscaping and may include features such as cooling towers, smokestacks, and
 The promenade deck is an expansive outdoor area on the ship that offers breathtaking views of the ocean and its surroundings. The deck is adorned with comfortable lounge chairs and umbrellas, perfect for soaking up the sun or enjoying a refreshing drink. The promenade deck also features a walking path,
 Pubs and indoor spaces are characterized by a range of features, including dim lighting, comfortable seating, a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and often, live music or entertainment. These spaces are designed to provide a cozy and welcoming atmosphere, where patrons can socialize and enjoy each other's company.
 A pulpit is a raised platform or stage in a church or other religious building from which a speaker, typically a priest, minister, or other religious leader, delivers a sermon or other religious address to the congregation. Pulpits are often made of wood or stone and may be adorned with carvings or other decorative elements. They are typically located at
 Putting greens are expanses of finely manicured grass, typically found on golf courses, designed to roll smoothly and consistently when struck by a golf ball, providing a challenging and enjoyable experience for golfers of all skill levels. They are often bordered by sand traps, water hazards, and other obstacles, and may feature subtle
 A racecourse is a purpose-built facility for horse racing and other equestrian events, typically featuring a grass or dirt track with fences and obstacles, grandstands for spectators, and supporting infrastructure such as stables, paddocks, and parking areas. The design and layout of a racecourse can vary depending on the specific needs and preferences
 Raceway is a type of electrical enclosure used to protect and organize electrical wiring and equipment. It is typically made of metal and has a rectangular or square shape with a removable top and sides, allowing for easy access to the interior. The interior of a raceway may contain a variety of electrical components, such as wiring, circuit breakers, and
 A raft is a flat structure made of wood or inflatable material, designed to float on water, used for transportation or recreation. It typically has a rectangular or square shape with a flat bottom and sides that are raised above the waterline, providing a stable platform for passengers or cargo. Some rafts are equipped with oars or a motor for propulsion,
 Railroad tracks are long, parallel strips of steel or wood that are laid down on the ground to facilitate the movement of trains. They consist of two parallel rails that are supported by ties, which are small, rectangular pieces of wood or concrete that are spaced at regular intervals. The rails are connected to each other by fishplates, which are small metal plates that
 Rainforests are vast, dense ecosystems characterized by high levels of biodiversity and biomass, with towering trees, thick undergrowth, and a diverse array of plant and animal species, including exotic flowers, colorful birds, and majestic mammals, all thriving in a warm, humid environment.
 Reception is the process of receiving and responding to incoming information. It involves a range of cognitive and behavioral processes, including attention, perception, memory, and decision-making. Reception can occur through various sensory modalities, such as vision, hearing, touch, taste, and smell, and can be influenced by factors such as motivation, interest, and
 A recreation room is a space within a building where people can engage in leisure activities, such as playing games, watching movies, or socializing with others. It is typically equipped with comfortable seating, lighting, and entertainment systems, and may also include features such as a pool table, ping-pong table, or other recreational equipment. The
Residential neighborhoods are characterized by rows of houses, streetlights, sidewalks, and green spaces such as parks and gardens, creating a safe and welcoming environment for families and individuals to live and thrive.
 A restaurant is a business that prepares and serves food and drinks to customers in exchange for money. Restaurants can vary greatly in terms of their cuisine, atmosphere, and price range, offering everything from fast food and casual dining to fine dining and gourmet experiences. They typically have a kitchen, dining area, and front-of-house staff
 Restaurant kitchens are typically equipped with a variety of appliances, including stovetops, ovens, refrigerators, dishwashers, and cooking utensils, all of which are used to prepare and cook a wide range of dishes for customers. Additionally, restaurant kitchens often have a well-organized layout,
 Restaurant patios are outdoor dining areas that offer a tranquil and inviting atmosphere, complete with comfortable seating, decorative lighting, and lush greenery, providing the perfect setting for a leisurely meal or social gathering.  Note: The above descriptions are just examples and can be modified based on the specific requirements of
 rice_paddy is a large, flat area of land used for growing rice, typically found in tropical and subtropical regions. The surface of a rice paddy is often covered with water, and the plants are grown in shallow pools of water. The paddies are often surrounded by dikes or levees to control the water level and prevent flooding. The
riding_arena is a large, enclosed space specifically designed for horse riding and other equestrian activities. It typically features a smooth, flat surface made of materials such as dirt, sand, or synthetic fibers, and may include various obstacles and features such as jumps, ramps, and gates. The arena is often surrounded by a fence
 River is a natural flowing body of water that is fed by tributaries and flows towards a larger body of water, such as an ocean, lake, or another river. Rivers have a variety of physical features, including a channel, banks, and a floodplain, and support a wide range of plant and animal life. They play a crucial role in the Earth'
 Rock arches are unique geological formations that are characterized by a curved or arched shape, typically formed through the erosion of rock by natural forces such as wind, water, or ice. They can be found in a variety of locations, including beaches, cliffs, and mountains, and can range in size from small, delicate formations to large,
 A rope bridge is a simple suspension bridge made of ropes and wooden or metal towers, used for crossing rivers or ravines. It consists of a series of ropes and wooden or metal planks that are suspended between two towers, providing a stable and secure path for pedestrians or vehicles to cross. The towers are typically made of wood or metal
 A ruin is a structure that has been damaged or destroyed, often due to neglect, natural disasters, or conflict. It may have crumbling walls, overgrown vegetation, and a sense of decay and abandonment. The term can also be used metaphorically to describe something that has been damaged or degraded, such as a person'
 Runways are long, flat strips of land or pavement used for the takeoff and landing of aircraft. They are typically found at airports and are designed to provide a safe and efficient way for planes to take off and land. Runways can be made of a variety of materials, including asphalt, concrete, and dirt, and they can vary in length and
 Sandbars are underwater or submerged ridges or bars of sand, gravel, or other sediment that are formed by the action of waves, tides, and currents. They can be found in various bodies of water, including oceans, seas, lakes, and rivers, and can range in size from small, localized formations to large,
 Sandboxes are areas of land or beaches where people, especially children, can play and engage in various activities such as building sandcastles, digging tunnels, and playing games, all within a safe and controlled environment. Sandboxes can be made of various materials, such as wood, plastic, or metal, and can be filled with different types of materials
 Saunas are small rooms or buildings designed for the purpose of sweating, relaxation, and socializing. They are typically heated by wood-burning stoves or infrared heaters, creating a warm and humid environment. The walls and benches are often made of wood, and the space may include features such as a steam room, hot tub, or show
 Schoolhouses are buildings where children go to learn and acquire knowledge and skills from teachers. They typically have classrooms, offices, libraries, playgrounds, and other facilities that support the educational process. Schoolhouses can vary in size, architecture, and location, but they all share the common purpose of providing a safe and supportive environment for students to grow and develop.
 A sea cliff is a steep rocky face that drops abruptly into the ocean, characterized by its rugged terrain, diverse marine life, and breathtaking views. The cliff's vertical face is often covered in a variety of algae, mosses, and lichens, while seabirds such as gulls and c
 A server room is a specialized space within a building that houses computer systems, data storage devices, and other networking equipment. These rooms are designed to provide a secure, climate-controlled environment that ensures the reliable operation of the computer systems and data storage devices. The walls, floors, and ceilings of a server room are typically made of fire-resistant materials,
 sheds are structures that are typically made of wood or metal and are used for storing various items such as tools, equipment, and other household or gardening supplies. They are often small and simple in design, with a sloping roof and a single door, and may be freestanding or attached to a building. Sheds can be used for a variety of purposes, such
 A shoe shop is a place where shoes are sold, typically offering a variety of styles, sizes, and brands for both men and women. The interior of a shoe shop may feature display racks and shelves showcasing the latest footwear trends, as well as sales associates available to assist customers in finding the perfect pair of shoes. Some
 A shopfront is a retail space that is designed to attract and engage customers, typically located in a high-traffic area such as a shopping mall or a busy street. The visual features of a shopfront may include large windows, eye-catching displays, and a well-designed faade that reflects the brand's image and identity. The
Shopping malls with indoor spaces offer a variety of stores, restaurants, and entertainment options within a climate-controlled environment, providing a convenient and comfortable shopping experience for consumers.
 showers are bathroom fixtures that provide a spray of water for washing the body, typically consisting of a showerhead, a drain, and a wall-mounted or freestanding enclosure. Showerheads come in a variety of styles and materials, such as rainfall, handheld, and massage showerheads,
 Skateparks are large outdoor recreational facilities designed for skateboarding, in-line skating, and BMX riding. They typically feature a variety of ramps, bowls, and other obstacles that allow skaters to perform tricks and stunts in a safe and controlled environment. Skateparks may also include amenities such as spect
 A ski lodge is a building or structure located near a ski resort that provides accommodation, food, and other amenities to skiers and snowboarders. It typically features a rustic, mountain-inspired design with wooden beams, stone facades, and large windows that offer breathtaking views of the surrounding snow-covered mountains and slopes.
 Ski resorts are expansive outdoor recreational complexes that offer a variety of activities, including downhill skiing, snowboarding, cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, and ice skating, set amidst breathtaking mountain landscapes, with amenities such as lodges, restaurants, equipment rentals, and ski schools.
 A ski slope is a terrain feature that is designed for skiing and snowboarding, characterized by a steep incline covered in snow or ice, with slopes ranging from gentle groomed runs to challenging black diamond trails, and often featuring obstacles such as jumps, bumps, and moguls. The visual features of a ski slope may include
 The sky is a vast expanse of atmospheric gases that surrounds the Earth, appearing as a vast dome above the horizon. It can be a deep shade of blue during the day, gradually transitioning to a range of colors during sunrise and sunset, and eventually darkening to a starry night sky. The sky can also be filled with clouds,
 Skyscrapers are towering structures that dominate city skylines, characterized by sleek glass and steel exteriors, soaring heights, and innovative architectural designs that inspire awe and wonder.  Q: What is a longer description of the class "car"?           A: Cars are versatile vehicles that transport people and
 Slums are densely populated urban areas characterized by substandard housing, inadequate access to basic services such as water, sanitation, and healthcare, and a lack of economic opportunities, leading to cycles of poverty and social exclusion. Slums often have narrow, winding streets, inadequate waste management, and a prevalence of informal
 Snowfields are vast, white expanses of snow-covered terrain, often found in high-altitude regions, characterized by their smooth, undulating surfaces, and occasional rocky outcroppings. The snow can range in texture from light and powdery to dense and hard-packed, and may be dotted with patches of ice or frozen la
squash_court: A rectangular court with walls made of glass or other materials, divided into two halves by a net in the center, used for playing the sport of squash, with markings on the walls and floor to guide players and provide a challenging and exciting game for players of all skill levels.
stable is a class that represents a type of building or structure that is designed to house animals, typically horses or other livestock. A stable typically has walls and a roof made of materials such as wood or metal, and may also have features such as windows, doors, and ventilation systems to provide a comfortable and healthy environment for the animals inside. The class stable may also
 A stadium is a large, enclosed space used for outdoor sports events, particularly baseball games. It typically features a grass or artificial turf playing field, dugouts for the teams, a pitcher's mound, a home plate, and a variety of seating areas for spectators, including grandstands, bleachers, and luxury suites.
 A stadium is a large, enclosed space used for outdoor sports events, particularly football games. It typically features a grass or artificial turf field, surrounded by tiered seating areas for spectators, press boxes, and other facilities such as concession stands and restrooms. The design of a stadium can vary greatly depending on the specific sport and location, but they
 Stage/indoor is a class that encompasses a wide range of settings, including theaters, concert halls, opera houses, and other performance venues. These spaces are typically designed to provide an intimate and immersive experience for audiences, with comfortable seating, superior acoustics, and state-of-the-art lighting and sound systems
 A staircase is a structure of steps and landings that provide access to different levels of a building. Staircases can be straight, spiral, or curved, and can be made of various materials such as wood, metal, or stone. They can also be adorned with ornate railings, balustrades, and newel posts, and can be found
 Streets are public thoroughfares in urban areas where pedestrians, vehicles, and other forms of transportation interact. They are typically paved and lined with buildings, streetlights, and other infrastructure. Streets can be busy and noisy, with a variety of activities and events taking place, such as parades, protests, and street performances. They
 Subway interiors are characterized by rows of plastic or wooden seats, fluorescent lighting, and graffiti-covered walls, creating a utilitarian and often grimy atmosphere.      
Subway stations and platforms are characterized by their spacious interiors, high ceilings, fluorescent lighting, tiled walls, and polished floors, as well as the presence of ticket machines, turnstiles, and escalators or stairs leading to the platform. 
 supermarkets are large, self-service retail stores that offer a wide variety of food and household products, including fresh produce, meats, dairy products, baked goods, canned and packaged goods, household supplies, and personal care items, all organized into separate departments and aisles for easy shopping. They often have a pharmacy, a but
 Sushi bars are establishments that serve a variety of sushi dishes, including maki rolls, nigiri, and sashimi, all made with fresh and high-quality ingredients. They typically have a modern and sleek decor, with a sushi bar and seating areas for customers to enjoy their meals. The atmosphere is often l
 Swamps are vast areas of land that are characterized by waterlogged soils, dense vegetation, and a lack of drainage, creating an environment that is home to a diverse array of plant and animal life. Swamps can be found in a variety of locations, including along rivers, lakes, and coastlines, and are often associated with hot and humid clim
 Swimming pools are structures designed for aquatic recreation, typically consisting of a large container filled with water, surrounded by a deck or patio area, and equipped with various features such as ladders, handrails, and filtration systems. Indoor swimming pools are enclosed within a building and may feature retractable roofs or walls to allow for
 Swimming pools and outdoor spaces are often associated with warm weather, sunshine, and leisure activities. They can be found in backyards, public parks, and resorts, offering a refreshing escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life. Swimming pools come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and colors, and
 Synagogues are indoor spaces that serve as places of worship, learning, and community gathering for Jewish people. They typically feature a sanctuary with a raised platform for the ark containing the Torah scrolls, pews or chairs for seating, a lectern or pulpit for the rabbi or other religious leaders, and various symbols and artifacts reflect
 Synagogues are places of worship for the Jewish community, typically featuring an ornate ark containing the Torah scrolls, a raised platform for the reader or prayer leader, and pews or seats for the congregation. Outdoor spaces associated with synagogues may include gardens, courtyards, or other areas for communal gatherings and events.
 A television studio is a large room or building where live television programs are produced and recorded. It typically includes a studio floor, control room, and support spaces such as dressing rooms, makeup rooms, and storage areas. The studio floor is where the action takes place, and it is equipped with cameras, lighting, and sound equipment. The control room is where the production
 The class "temple/east_asia" refers to a type of building or structure that is commonly found in East Asian cultures, particularly in China, Japan, and Korea. These buildings are often characterized by their grand scale, intricate architecture, and ornate decorations, such as carvings, paintings, and sculptures. They may also feature distinctive elements
 Temples in South Asia, such as those found in India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, and Bangladesh, are architectural marvels that showcase the region's rich history and cultural heritage. These temples are often adorned with intricate carvings, sculptures, and paintings that depict stories from Hindu myth
 tennis_court/indoor: A rectangular space with a hard surface, typically made of concrete or asphalt, enclosed by walls and a ceiling, providing a controlled environment for players to engage in the sport of tennis. The court is divided into two halves by a net in the center, and the walls and ceiling are often padded to prevent injury from
 tennis_court/outdoor  A tennis court is a rectangular surface made of grass, clay, or hard material, surrounded by a low wall or fence, and equipped with a net in the center. The court is typically outdoors, exposed to natural elements such as sun, wind, and rain, and may have spectator seating around the perimeter
 Tents and outdoor gear are designed to provide shelter and comfort in the great outdoors, with features such as waterproof fabrics, breathable mesh panels, and durable frames that can withstand harsh weather conditions and rugged terrain. They come in a variety of styles and sizes to accommodate different needs and preferences, from lightweight backpacking t
Theaters with an indoor proscenium arch are designed to provide an immersive experience for audiences, featuring a raised stage with a proscenium arch that frames the performance space, elaborate lighting and sound systems, and comfortable seating arrangements. 
 Theaters are large, enclosed spaces with a stage for performers and a seating area for audiences. Indoor seats in theaters are typically arranged in rows, with cushioned chairs or benches providing comfortable seating for patrons. Depending on the theater, the seats may be assigned or general admission, and may offer additional features such as armrest
 Thrift stores offer a wide variety of second-hand items, including clothing, shoes, accessories, home goods, and furniture, all at affordable prices. These stores are known for their eclectic and ever-changing inventory, offering customers the opportunity to find unique and one-of-a-kind items. Thrift stores are often run by non
 The throne room is a grand and imposing space, adorned with luxurious fabrics, precious metals, and intricate carvings. The room is dominated by a majestic throne, upon which sits the powerful and wise ruler, surrounded by attendants and advisors. The atmosphere is one of reverence and awe, with the sound of
 A ticket booth is a small, freestanding structure used for selling tickets to events or attractions. It typically has a roof, walls, and a door, and may include features such as windows, a ticket counter, and a money box. The booth may be made of various materials, such as wood, metal, or plastic, and may be decor
 Toll plazas are large structures that span multiple lanes of traffic, typically found on highways and interstates. They feature booths or lanes where drivers must stop and pay tolls, often using cash, credit cards, or electronic toll collection systems. Toll plazas may also include amenities such as restrooms, food and drink vendors, and
 A topiary garden is a carefully manicured outdoor space that features intricately trimmed and shaped shrubs and trees, often in the form of animals, geometric patterns, or other decorative designs, creating a visually striking and peaceful atmosphere.   A topiary garden is a carefully manicured outdoor space that features intricately trim
 A tower is a tall structure, often made of stone, brick, or steel, that is used for a variety of purposes, such as observation, defense, or communication. Towers can be freestanding or part of a larger structure, and can be found in a wide range of styles and sizes, from the slender spires of Gothic cathedrals to the
 A toyshop is a place where toys are sold, and it can be a small, independent store or a large chain store. The interior of a toyshop is often filled with colorful and eye-catching displays of toys and games, and the atmosphere is often lively and fun. The shelves are stocked with a wide variety of toys,
 Track/outdoor is a class that encompasses a wide range of physical activities and environments, including running, hiking, biking, and other outdoor pursuits. These activities often take place in natural settings, such as parks, forests, and trails, and may involve navigating uneven terrain, varying weather conditions, and diverse wildlife.
 Train railways are a type of transportation infrastructure that consists of tracks, ties, ballast, and other components. They are designed to support the movement of trains, which can be powered by diesel, electric, or steam engines. Train railways can be found in a variety of settings, including urban and rural areas, and are used for both passenger and freight
 Train stations and platforms are areas where trains arrive and depart, and where passengers can board and disembark. They typically feature large, open spaces with tracks running through the center, and often include amenities such as ticket counters, waiting areas, and restrooms. The architecture and design of train stations and platforms can vary greatly depending on the location and era in which they were built,
 A tree farm is a large area of land used for growing trees for timber, paper, or other forest products. It is typically characterized by rows of trees planted in a regular pattern, with well-maintained soil and irrigation systems to support their growth. The trees may be a variety of species, such as pine, spruce, or fir, and
 A treehouse is a structure built in or near a tree or trees, usually above ground, where people can rest, play, or live. Treehouses can be made of a variety of materials, such as wood, metal, or plastic, and can range in size from simple platforms to elaborate structures with multiple levels, windows, and doors. They can be accessed by ladd
 Trenches are long, narrow ditches dug into the ground, often used in warfare for defensive purposes. They can be shallow or deep, with sloping sides or vertical walls, and may be reinforced with sandbags or other materials. Trenches can also be used for irrigation or drainage, and can be found in
Underwater/coral reefs are vibrant ecosystems characterized by a kaleidoscope of colors, diverse marine life, intricate coral formations, and crystal-clear waters, creating an otherworldly and breathtaking environment.
 Utility rooms are spaces within a home or building that serve a specific purpose, such as a laundry room, a home office, or a storage room. These rooms are often located near the main living areas and are designed to be functional and efficient, with features such as shelving, cabinets, and countertops to help keep clutter at bay. Utility rooms
 A valley is a low area of land between hills or mountains, often with a river or stream flowing through it. The landscape of a valley can vary greatly, from lush green pastures and forests to arid deserts and rocky outcroppings. The sides of a valley may be steep and craggy, or gentle and sloping, and the valley
 van_interior is a class that represents the interior of a van, including features such as seats, shelves, and storage compartments. The class includes attributes such as the number of seats, the type of seating material, and the presence of any additional features like air conditioning or entertainment systems. The class also includes methods for manipulating the interior of the van,
 A vegetable garden is a plot of land used for growing a variety of vegetables, fruits, and herbs. It is typically enclosed by a fence or wall to protect the plants from pests and predators, and is often irrigated by a system of pipes and sprinklers. The soil within the garden is carefully prepared and maintained to provide the optimal
 A veranda is an architectural feature that is typically attached to the exterior of a building and surrounded by a railing, providing a semi-outdoor space that can be used for relaxation, entertainment, or dining. Verandas can be designed in a variety of styles and materials, and may include features such as built-in seating, planters, and lighting
 Veterinarians' offices are places where animals receive medical care and treatment. They are typically well-lit and well-ventilated, with a variety of equipment and supplies, such as examination tables, medical instruments, and pharmaceuticals, to help diagnose and treat a wide range of animal health issues. Veterinarians' offices may also
 A viaduct is a type of bridge composed of a series of spans, supported by piers or abutments, and designed to carry a road, railroad, or waterway across a valley, canyon, or other low-lying area. The viaduct may be constructed from a variety of materials, including stone, brick, concrete, or steel, and
 A videostore is a retail establishment that sells pre-recorded video content, such as movies and television shows, on various formats like VHS, Betamax, LaserDisc, DVD, and Blu-ray. These stores typically offer a wide selection of titles, knowledgeable staff recommendations, and a welcoming environment for customers to browse and
 Villages are typically small, rural communities that are characterized by a strong sense of camaraderie and shared history among their residents. They often have a central gathering place, such as a town square or community center, where locals can come together to socialize, attend events, and participate in local traditions. Villages may also have a variety of small businesses
 A vineyard is a piece of land used for growing grapes, typically found in wine-producing regions. Vineyards are characterized by rows of grapevines, often trained on trellises or pruned to maintain a specific shape and size. The vines are irrigated and fertilized to promote healthy growth and maximize gra
 Volcanoes are complex geological formations that can be characterized by their towering heights, steep slopes, and distinctive conical shapes. They are formed by the eruption of molten rock, ash, and gases from the Earth's interior, which can result in explosive eruptions, lava flows, and the creation of new
An indoor volleyball court is a rectangular space with a smooth, flat surface, typically made of wood or synthetic material, surrounded by walls, and equipped with a net suspended from the ceiling. The court is divided into two halves by a center line, and each half is further divided into three zones: front row, middle row, and back row. The court
A volleyball court outdoors is a rectangular-shaped area with a net in the center, surrounded by a soft, grassy surface. The court is typically marked with lines and boundaries, and the net stands at a height of 7 feet 4 inches for men and 6 feet 8 inches for women. The outdoor setting provides a natural environment with varying lighting
 A waiting room is a space in a healthcare facility where patients wait to be seen by a healthcare professional. It is typically furnished with comfortable seating, such as sofas and chairs, and may also include amenities such as magazines, television, and refreshments. The room is designed to provide a calm and welcoming environment for patients while they wait for their
 Warehouses and indoor spaces are typically large, enclosed areas with high ceilings, concrete or metal floors, and a variety of equipment and machinery used for storage, manufacturing, and distribution. These spaces often have limited natural lighting and may be climate-controlled to maintain a consistent temperature and humidity level.
 Water towers are tall, cylindrical structures that store water for distribution to homes, businesses, and other buildings. They are typically made of concrete or steel and have a large tank at the top that holds the water. The tank is usually covered with a dome-shaped roof and has a ladder or stairway leading to the top for maintenance access. Water to
 Waterfalls are breathtaking natural wonders that cascade down rocky cliffs, creating a misty veil that surrounds the base. Blocks, on the other hand, are solid, rectangular structures that can be found in various shapes and sizes, often used for building and construction.
 Waterfalls and fans are both beautiful natural formations that can be found in various locations around the world. Waterfalls are characterized by their cascading streams of water that flow over rocky cliffs or ledges, creating a breathtaking sight and a soothing sound. Fans, on the other hand, are formed by the erosion of rock and soil,
 Waterfalls and plunges are natural wonders that captivate the senses with their breathtaking beauty and thunderous sounds. They are characterized by a steep drop in elevation, often creating a misty veil that rises from the base, and a powerful current that cascades over rocks and boulders, creating a mesmerizing display
 Watering holes are areas where animals gather to drink water, typically found in dry or arid environments. These areas can range from small puddles to large lakes or rivers, and may be natural or man-made. Watering holes are essential for the survival of many animals, providing them with a source of water and a place to socialize and find shelter. The
include <iostream> include <vector>  class Dog { public:     int age;     std::string breed;     std::vector<std::string> commands;      Dog(int age, std::string breed, std::vector<std::string> commands) {         this->age = age;        
 A wet bar is a type of bar that serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks in a setting that is designed to resemble a lounge or living room. Wet bars typically feature comfortable seating, dim lighting, and decorative elements such as plants, artwork, and plush carpeting. They may also include amenities such as
 Wheat fields are vast expanses of golden grain swaying gently in the breeze, stretching as far as the eye can see. The tall, slender stalks of wheat are a vibrant green, and the grain is ripe and ready for harvest. In the distance, a tractor can be seen making its way through the
 Wind farms are collections of wind turbines that generate electricity by harnessing the power of the wind. These farms can be found in various locations around the world, including on land and offshore. The turbines within a wind farm are typically spaced several hundred feet apart and can range in height from 200 to over 500 feet
 Windmills are tall, imposing structures that harness the power of the wind to generate electricity. They typically feature large, rotating blades that are attached to a central hub, which is connected to a gearbox and a generator. The blades are designed to capture the kinetic energy of the wind and convert it into mechanical energy, which is then converted into elect
 Wine cellars and barrel storage facilities are designed to provide optimal conditions for the aging and maturation of wine. These structures typically feature dark, cool, and humid environments, with specialized racking systems and careful temperature and humidity control to ensure the proper development of the wine's flavors and aromas. The use of oak barrel
Wine cellars with bottle storage are designed to maintain a consistent temperature, humidity, and light level to preserve the quality and aging process of wine. These cellars typically feature wooden shelves, racks, or cabinets to store bottles on their sides or upright, and may include specialized cooling systems, humidifiers, and UV-filter
 Wrestling rings are typically constructed of wood or steel and have a rectangular shape with turnbuckles at each corner. The mat is usually made of thick foam and covered in vinyl, providing a cushioned surface for wrestlers to perform various moves and maneuvers. The ropes are typically made of nylon or leather and are suspended from the ceiling
include <iostream> include <vector> include <string> include <cmath>  using namespace std;  class Dog { public:     string breed;     int age;     double weight;     double height;      Dog(string b, int a, double w, double h) {        
 A youth hostel is a type of budget accommodation where guests can rent a bed, usually a bunk bed, in a dormitory-style room with shared bathroom and kitchen facilities. Youth hostels are popular among backpackers, students, and travelers on a tight budget, and often offer a social atmosphere and opportunities to meet other travelers. They may also
